Can you blatantly say looking straight in her face
That you aren't telling tales to her.

If you never tell a lie to her,
You don't have to remember anything, 
It all goes out the window when, 
I try to do it myself,

Can you blatantly say looking straight in her face that you aint telling tales to her.
That you never get stressed when she questions events you'll be best to forget.
Can you actually blag when the lamb glances when you prang and your chatting, 
That if you had the chance to go back to her pad for a passionate act you wouldn't have it?
Oi Why's that then?

Its cause the reason you been faithful is 
Its been so good
You never seen temptation
Deep down you hear the mans burden
We all have a mans burden
You'll always be a bad person

It's getting you down
you were letting her down, 
You were tempted and failed.
You showed her up, 
You need to be owning up you need to show her you love her for once. 
It was an extreme circumstance it was she that advanced 
She defeated you gradually 
So you must then be honest you must then get on this.
Mend the wrong shit.

If you never tell a lie to her,
You don't have to remember anything, 
It all goes out the window when, 
I try to do it myself

Oi oi, so why you wanna phone up? 
Why you wanna own up? 
You were selfish and so dumb. 
To ease It off ur chest, to be relieved of the mess that's being proper selfish,
I been in some broken moments I know what goes on the road but there's a road you chose however  coked
up your brain you know you chose to strain you know it was your game oi

But it makes you see things clearer
It was weird though man
But you didn't wanna be with her
Seriously back home
If a girl was to even hear
It would spare her weak heart
She have no fear

The chance to see the fit thing naked will spell and memorise you. 
You'll disregard the ways the lady in your life inspires you.
Which is why to day she tires of you, you'll be crying and howling. 
And if you had the chance to go back to her pad for a passionate act you wont allow it.
But if your plans for a chance to go back aint even had.
Then the passionate act won't happen, 'cause you plan not to have the chance, 
Rewind back if that sounded fast. 
Oi you can't think straight, you gotta avoid the situation ignore what she's doing. 
You may be mugged if you trust too much but it will fuck you up more worrying about trust

If you never tell a lie to her,
You don't have to remember anything, 
It all goes out the window when, 
I try to do it myself 

You may be mugged if you trust too much
But it will more fuck you up
It will more fuck you up worrying about trust