[Intro]
Yea, special edition. rock and roll, it's ludacris. Yea.
It's Sum 41, baby! Here's another one.
Get back, it's another, it's another one

[Chorus]
(Yeek-Yeek Woop-Woop) Why you all in my ear? 
Talkin' a whole bunch a shit that I ain't tryin to hear. 
Get Back! Motherfucker You don't know me like that. 
Get back! Motherfucker You don't know me like that! 
(Yeek-Yeek Woop-Woop) I ain't playin' around.. 
Make one false move, I'll take you down. 
Get back! Motherfucker You don't know me like that. 
Get back! Motherfucker You don't know me like that!

[Verse 1]
So, so, come on, come on. DON'T get swung on, swung on. 
It's the knick-knack-patty-whack still riding cadillacs. 
Family off the streets, made my homies put the baggies back. (Whoo!) 
Still snaggin' plaques (yep), still action-packed (yep), and dope.. 
i keep it flippin' like acrobats. 
That's why I pack a mack, that'll crack a back, cause on my waist, 
there's more heat than the shaq-attack! 
But I ain't speakin' about ballin', 
jus' thinkin' about brawlin' 'til y'all start ballin'. 
We all in together now, birds of the feather now, 
jus' bought a plane so we change in the weather now. 
So put your brakes on, cats put your capes on, 
and knock off your block, get dropped, and have your face blown. 
Cause I'll prove it, scratch off the music, 
like hey little stupid, don't make me looose it!

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
I came (I came), I saw (I saw), I hit him right dead in the jaw (in the jaw). [x4]

See I caught him with a right hook, caught him with a jab, 
caught him with an upper cut, kicked him in his ass. 
Sent him on his way cause I ain't for that talk, and no trips to the county.. 
I ain't for that walk! We split like 2 pins at the end of a lane, 
we'll knock out your spotlight and put end to your fame. 
Put a DTP pendant at the end of yo' chain, 
and put the booty of a swish at the end of a flaamme.

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Hey, you want WHAT with me?! I'm gonna tell you one time, don't FUCK with me! 
Get down! Beat his ass.. ain't got nothin' to lose, and i'm havin a bad day, 
don't make me take it out on you! [x2]

Maann, cause I don't wanna do that. 
I wanna have a good time and enjoy my Jack.. 
sit back and watch some women get drunk as hell, 
so I can wake up in the morning with a story to tell. 
I know it's been a little while since I've been out the house, 
but now I'm here.. you wanna stand around runnin' yo' mouth? 
I can't hear nothing you sayin' or spittin', so what's up? 
Don't you see we in the club? man shut the fuck up!

[Chorus]

[Outro]
Come one! We in the red light district!
What! We in the red light district!
Sum 41! In the red light district!
Yes! And Ludacris! We in the red light district!
It's the rock and roll version! Red light district!
It's the red light district!
The red light district..
So here, get back.
It's the red light district.
I'll be done today..
It started a piece..
The red light district.
Lil' Fate, baby! What up!
Huh! It has to be cool, man.
All you have to do is mix it down.