Hello class my name is Ms Wigglebottom and I'm gonna be taking the roll today
(Ehemm)
Issa Twaimz? (Here)
Gertrude?
Patricia?
Tony? (I'm here hello)
The gang is all here
For today's class
The Roll call song

Sha boo ya sha sha sha boo ya roll call [4x]

My name is Issa (yeah)
But you can call me Twaimz
And I'm the ba-a-adest bitch so please don't get in my way
And you can stare all you want (news flash) pictures last longer
Hey you wanna play a game of whose eyebrows are stronger? (yes please)
L-l-a-m-a that's me
Wanna get with me no thanks I'll pass
Got 2 new friends full of sass
Wanna talk shit? They'll kick your ass
Gay or straight I fly first class
And hold your grudge and please just judge 'cause
Hush hush hush blush blush blush I am now my big fat crush

Sha boo ya sha sha sha boo ya roll call [4]

My name is Gertrude (yeah)
And I don't mean to be rude
But I'm the hottest horse and I got an attitude (oops)
And all these horses hate while I eat my hay
But it's okay you're ugly now watch me gallop away

My name's Patricia (yeah)
And I don't need no mista
Because I got my best friend Gertrude (yup) she is my sista (that's true)
I'm Bad bitch one she's bad bitch two
Don't forget Twaimz he's number three
I'm a unicorn I'll take your throne
Wanna meet our dad he's number four
Do some math put us together Gertrude plus Patricia
We're hot and everything you're not HASHTAG GERTRICIA

Sha boo ya sha sha sha boo ya roll call [4x]

My name is Tony (yes)
And I'm the father of Twaimz (hey)
I'm better than the Kardeeshen 'cause they are lamez
I don't play games (no)
I watch Arabic TV (uh huh)
I put you on pause and put me on repeat (let's get it now)
T-O-N-Y tony tony I'm a hot dad with a pony pony
Think I'm fake? I am no phony
I'm the winner. Where's my trophy?
I'm so stunning am I wrong?
I might as well have my own song
Happy Tony, Sad Tony, Mentally Disturbed Tony

(Roll call)
Issa Twaimz
G and P
The one and only Tony
And if you seem to disagree
Then stop, don't talk to me
And if you aren't a wannabe
Then prove them wrong sing along
To the Roll Call Song

Sha boo ya sha sha sha boo ya roll call [4x]