[Jumpin' Jack Flash]

I was born in a crossfire hurricane
And I howled at my mama in the driving rain
But it's alright now in fact it's a gas
And it's alright, hey
I'm Jumping Jack Flash it's a gas gas gas

I was raised by a toothless bearded hag
I was schooled with a strap right across my back
But it's alright now in fact it's a gas
And it's alright, hey
I'm Jumping Jack Flash it's a gas gas gas

But it's alright now in fact it's a gas
And it's alright
I'm Jumping Jack Flash it's a gas gas gas

[...]

But it's alright now in fact it's a gas
It's alright now in fact it's a gas
But it's alright now in fact it's a gas
But it's alright now, but it's alright now
But it's alright

[Jumpin' Jack Flash end - 3:48]

Well, you know that I love my woman
But just sometimes she just don't treat me right
Yeah, I woke up this morning and I looked her in the eye
She said sweet daddy, you got what I want
But you ain't givin' it to me
Oh, and it hurt me deep down into my soul
And I had [...] out of the door
I was [..] my heart [...]
Gonna ever see my baby no more

I went a-walkin' down the street
And I was ashamed to look at anyoone I meet
Ooh, [..] and there she was standing
Leaning up against a lamp post
(Well, tell it, tell it)

[Youngblood - 4:35]

I saw her standing on the corner
A yellow ribbon in her hair
All night long my heart was shudder
Look at there, look at there
You're the one, look at there
Youngblood, youngblood, youngblood
Woo, I can't get you out of my mind

And I couldn't sleep, I went on crying
And I saw the risin' of the sun
All night long my heart was crying
You're the one, you're the one
You're the one, you're the one
Youngblood, youngblood, youngblood
Well, I can't get you out of my mind

[...] she looked so tough
I had to follow her all the way home
And when we were there
I met her dad, he said:
You'd better leave my daughter alone

And I couldn't sleep, I went on crying
And I saw the risin' of the sun
All night long my heart was crying
You're the one, you're the one
You are the one, you're the one
Youngblood, youngblood, youngblood
Woo, I can't get enough of your love

(Youngblood)
Woo, you're breaking my heart in two
(Youngblood, youngblood, youngblood)

[Youngblood end - 7:08]

Ooh, and I looked at that 19 year old girl
Right in the eye.
And I said you look so sweet to me darlin'
But there's one thing I got to tell you.
You know, I've got me a fine old lady
Lying back there in that bedroom at home
And I think I got to get hack to her.

Ooh, you ain't interested in my, she said.
[...] walkin' home down the street, back to my pet
And I crawled and I snugged and I crawled back in the bedroom

My baby looked at me with her great big blue bedroom eyes
And she said:
Wooh, dad where have you been all night long?
Yet I know I told you to get away from me
I told you to leave me alone
Wooh, but I had a chain in your heart
And I've been needin' you all night long
[...] needin' the good thing
I ain't had none of the good thing

Yeah and I looked at my baby and I said
Baby, I said, what is it that I've got that you want, yeah?
She looked at me and she said, real slow, real soft, real sweet

She said this right here:

[Jumpin' Jack Flash reprise - 8:24]

Yeah, it's alright now, in fact it's a gas
Well, it's alright now, in fact it's a gas
But, it's alright now, in fact it's a gas
It's alright, it's alright now

[Jumpin' Jack Flash end - 9:14]

Yeah, now ev'rybody's got a young lady at home that they love
But sometimes the things, they just don't go right
But I want to tell you one thing, and it's for sure
You treat your woman like you treat yourself
Ev'rything is gonna be alright
Yeah it's gonna be alright now.