Welcome to my beautiful creation where the carcasses of children suspend.
This is my slaughterhouse of sadistic faith; the divine cathedral of foetal skin.

Welcome to my beautiful creation: the divine cathedral of sin.
Witness my homage to perfection – an everlasting tomb of perversion.
Each pelt branded with the symbol of God.
Skin dried... the raw hide entwined.

The hooks slip through their soft, supple heads.
One by one I grab them from the heap.
Flayed 'til they're skinless, lifeless, lubricated.
The echo of their screams sing like a gospel melody.

My mind paints a glorious picture
As I take these lifeless children hand in hand and glide across the cathedral floor...
A vulgar distraction.
My insanity morphs this reality; a malevolent enlightenment.

Come upon the chapel where the stench of flesh is arousing.
The children's screams peak through the floorboards.
Erect as I walk through this manor of sin, the evisceration begins.
The conveyor belt slowly descends to harvest the purest meat for this sacred feast.
This vile incarnate, we gag and suffocate only to crave rape, dissect and mutilate.

Hell confined within the cathedral of sin.
The evisceration begins.
The conveyor belt slowly descends to harvest the purest meat for this sacred feast.
This vile incarnate, we gag and we suffocate only to crave rape, dissect and mutilate.

Dissect and mutilate.

The children's screams peak through the floorboards.
Erect as I walk through this manor of sin
The conveyor belt still descends

Skinless foetus.
Pelt of newborn flesh.
Masturbating in a pelt of innocent flesh while beating this severed foetus sack.
Drenched in anal leakage, this mess is putrid.
Menstrual infatuation
As I force this infant period I have created with my own fist
In an effort to taste her reproductive system
Between my filthy, crooked teeth.

The hooks slip through their soft, supple heads.
One by one I grab them from the heap.
Flayed 'til they're skinless, lifeless, lubricated.
The echo of their screams sing like a gospel melody.

Conscious and innocent, the dwindling living serve but one desire: orgasmic satisfaction.
Forced toddler insemination.

Witness my homage to rape.
Each pelt branded with the symbol of God.
I am the priest of infanticide.
Welcome to my hell.