-Daddy, do you kill people?
-Do I kill people? If I have to, baby girl
-Do they feel pain?
-Hmm. Sometimes
-My daddy's gon' kill you!
[chuckles]
('I am the devil, and I am here to do the devil's work!')
-Brainsick!

Out the graveyard like a zombie on The Walking Dead on A&E
Put 'em in a cage deep in the basement for disobeyin' me
Redrum, redrum, could've been a month, shit, it really don't matter
Normal turned out be ho and shit is not okay with me
I be on the type of shit to make you think I'm Vorhees times ten
[?] you foamin' out the mouth the more heed I'm in
I'm with Bloody Mary and the Candyman every day all day
Look a nigga in the face, no disgrace, leave no trace, I goes in
Drag a nigga through the woods like I'm on the hunt for Bigfoot
Flee, hit them in the knee, put the recipe in cookbook
Do you wanna see a demon in the flesh, then take a look
It will be a minute when I get up in a nigga, they all will be shook
I'm Godzilla, guts hangin' where ya nuts hangin' nigga Ed Gein
And I spend about an hour everyday in a dark room dissecting
Chop a nigga ear off so he can't hear off my checking
Then talk into that motherfucka like "testing, testing, testing"
Run if a nigga want to stay hit with that bottle
Same when a motherfucker showtime at the Apollo
Hit a bitch up with the 619 like Rey Mysterio
With a mask on my face lookin' like a nigga was San Carlo
I'm brazy, mama never raised me to be no punk nigga
Walk up on you, shoot you in the face and then I put your body in a trunk with a
Bitch with a big rump in her, choppin' everybody head off
I don't really wanna get the lead off, I just wanna get a slam dunk with her

[Hook x8:]
Get ya muddy
Shotties, bloody
Bodies, blood, I
Put in work

Don't be all up in my face tryin' to blow shit
People tryin' too hard to be noticed
Do you wanna see a dead body, won't you people scatter like roaches
Shaka Zulu, black magic, Voodoo, hocus pocus
Knife'll go in ya, soul might go with ya
How the fuck you compare a nigga when my flow is so sicker
I don't really give a shit about like 'who can go quicker'
When I murder anybody when I get up on a mic, I deliver
Hoistin', mouth spittin' like it's poison
I been ready, bring your boys in 'fore I [?] this stupid muh'fucka!
Old dogs say you be actin' like a bitch nowadays
Really and I be on go-ahead-and-kill-everybody just to shoot this muh'fucka
Brainsick, I be on a different Richter
Scale I hit 'em with the illin' then I gotta peel 'em, in 'em on a good one tonight
Werewolf a motherfucker every time a full moon is out
I might turn into Benicio Del Toro and take flight
Nigga, I'm cuckoo, Voodoo
Knockin' through a nigga' speakers
I don't really give a fuck if I ain't got shit but two tweeters
Fuck you talkin' 'bout a dollar?
I ain't never had a motherfuckin' penny
I'm that same nigga, used to have to wear
Duct tape around my sneakers
Brainy, people lookin' at me like a nigga was a weirdo
But I don't give five fucks, two nuts or a chewed up earlobe
I told everybody I was gonna hit the game up with a bang
But these motherfuckers wanna run around and actin' like a nigga don't hear though, just bleedin'