Brainsick!
Brain!

Walk up in this muhfucka lookin' like a killa
Niggas get to runnin' when they see the Brain!
Feelin' like a nigga was Godzilla
So I give a shit about what any o' you bitches say
Plus I'm known to hit you bitches all up with some mean dick
All up in your stomach when you need the pipe
Her hubby on a trip OT
Bet this lil' horny muhfucka callin' me tonight
I be up in it a hundred and forty-five minutes workin' pussy
Blood, I'm like the Energizer Bunny, nigga!
Keep goin' and keep goin' and keep goin'
She be moanin' 'Daddy', this ain't motherfuckin' funny, nigga!
Diggin' up into the pussy like I'm drillin' for some oil
Dick squirtin' on her like a nozzle
The bitch is hella mothafuckin' old, dinosaur
Pussy feelin' like it was a fossil
And then I'mma kill, they never to find you when I hide the body
I'm dippin' up in the pussy till it's soggy
I'm fistin' up in the shit like it's karate
I'm waxin' the mothafucka like a nigga was Miyagi (Wax on!)
Sick, bloody pussy, I'm a fiend for it
She time of the month, well, that's when you hit me for it
I got this shit these bitches pay a G for it
Move me up in they pant and give me all they fuckin' keys for it
Cause she be like 'I want that Brainsick dick', that shit is brackin'
Wolverine the pussy like a nigga Hugh Jackman
Told her to get up and get me a sammich, I'mma be snackin'
Twenty minutes later, nigga, I'mma be swackin'
Walk up on this muhfucka, hop up on a movie
Wanna hop up on the booty, I'm like 'Baby, what's happenin'?'
She told me it's her time of the month, that's season for my lunch
Now a nigga really wanna get to snackin'
Bloody Mary

[Dayo G:]
Eh, eh, eh
Say the name three times in the mirror
Don't be scared, say it loud, can't hear ya!
You can feel the cold breeze when I'm near
Had me screamin' out loud 'Bloody Mary'! [x5]

[?] dick and yeah, she learned to swallow all the semen
Baby, won't you walk up in the bedroom with a demon?
The Bloody Mary witch is like Candyman, remember?
Say his name five times and you motherfuckin' see him!
You really don't wanna be seein' him when you went to take a piss
Aimin' for the toilet but you miss
Talk about she really ? the shit
Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary, now she pissed!
Comin' up outta that motherfuckin' mirror like a demon stalkin'
What in the fuck you think, ho, that's a demon walkin'
I be in my motherfuckin' own sound
Once you niggas try'na walk around and be the new 2Pac and
With your new school rockin', skinny ass jeans
Somebody hurry up and tell me it's a motherfuckin' joke
Talk about you bad and your swag, it's so sad
It's the reason I don't listen to the fuckin' radio!
Come on a mission with the witch, she Bloody Mary
Nigga, quit your mission, don't be scared
Did you [?] the situation here
I will take you right up to the spot where you'll be buried!
Walk up in the dirt, now rest the body, layin' six feet
I'm marinatin', chewin' on some pig's feet
You ask me what I did to his limbs, took 'em up in the
Back and then I turned that shit to mince meat
I be on that night time shit, nigga, Brainsick realla
Charles Manson and the Zodiac Killa
Don't even come close to what's in my mind
And when it is my time, I be like a fuckin' Godzilla
Or the Human Gorilla, all mixed in one, weigh a ton
I've arisen from the belly of the beast
Hopin' that you're ready for the swallowin'
Ain't nobody followin', you witches get the ditches, fuck peace!
Bloody Mary!