I used to have suicidal thougths at night
and sit up in my room with a razor blade
if ain't nobody would care if I took my life
Because when we call go it's like we fade away

that's why I think about this so much and embrace the shit
sometimes I really feel like we don't take the shit
we don't belong in a motherfuckin cage and shit
just last week got jumped on some racist shit

What does that tell you about how far we have come?
I'm not to be held acountable when I hit 'em with venom
You know that spittin' venom not the kind that that carver will get 'em?
at first he was talkin' to me and I be shakin' and shiverin'

Alot of these motherfuckers lying when they rap on the mic
they do it for some fame but they ain't rappin' they life
they comin' hella hard say they fresh about they yard
but the truth is they ain't pulled a strap or a knife

Everybody equal I'm telling you G, If I ain't shit what makes you better than me?
Whether I go right now or fifty years who cares we all end up in a box indeffinately

That's why I'm living my life to the fullest I gotta do it you never know when death is coming but it's coming for sure,
I could get clacked by some enemies in the streets or have a heart attack after one of these fuckin' shows

Nobody knows, I don't want to burn and I can sure as fuck tell you I do not want to drown
will anybody give a shit in ninety years? 
i know a couple motherfuckers bump me now
Shout out to anybody who's listening now
Behind your computers maybe on your phone
I will attempt to get on your brain 
thats why I put these hidden messages up in my songs.

You will let me take you somewhere and realize ain't nobody fuckin' with me on the mic because I'm ripping niggas brains out
I'mma keep evolving and I will become a problem to these niggas in my and I will never ever change up 

What can anybody really say about me? Laugh a little bit cus I slept in the streets? 
Do your homework and you'll find out I was bangin' in the turf, doin' dirt at the age of 13
Momma strung out so I hung out on the corner standin' with them niggas with the guns out BOW
Hit the fence real quick, You ain't used to hearing shit like POW POW POW POW POW
You never see me complain about what I eat, 
my meal used to come out a garbage dumpster
Other niggas be ashamed to say that shit
but me? I'm no fuckin' other!

"Twisted insane's a weird freak!" so what?
"Twisted insane's on a course to blow up"
Eat these rappers like fresh cold cuts
Make everybody go home make 'em sick and throw up

and Just when you thought I was done I'mma come with the shit to make a motherfucker lose it, look at all the power of the music
I be in the corner smokin on the Marijuana hella faded off of Old English fluid.