Fuck that bitch
Gimme a bottle and a porno, nigga
Ha, ha, ha...

Jump up in the pussy like a pogo
Stickin', makin' bitches wanna fuck me when I greet ’em
Come into my room and you will step into your doom
If it’s a baby in your womb, I think it’s prolly ’bout to beat ’em
Bring your baby daddy too, I really wanna meet him
Take him in a room and tell him how I had your feet up
Tell him holy-moly how a nigga had my poll-y
Stirrin’ in your guacamole, she’s a fine seniorita
Playin' with the pussy while she’s suckin' on my Peter
Lay down on your back, I’m ’bout to eat a enchilada
I don’t like to talk, but I really want to walk
You be fuckin' with Ewoks, my dick is bigger than Chubacca
Man down, man down, someone caught a body
Walked up in that bitch and hit a nigga with the shotty
Daniel San-in' motherfuckers like I know karate
Doin' shit that make you think I was trained by Mr. Miyagi
?On the? club but I be hella picky on my weed
Comin’ around with a bomb, better run, that Reggie Bush indeed
Push up on you niggas like a bear and I attack ’em
Blocka-blocka with the Mac and put you bitches on the street
I'm comin' in your window when your family go to sleep
You think I'm bluffin'? Go ahead, believe it's only talk
I may now put the trigger down and punch you in your liver then I body slam a nigga like the animal in Hulk
You won't win a - war against a nigga that's demonic and I'm on it well ain't that about a bitch
Niggas think it's music and they get off of the fluid thinkin' I won't do it till they momma found up in a ditch
Trigger finger really startin' to feel a fuckin' itch
Any minute you gon' find out you was dealin' with a psycho
Niggas always get to wishin' wolfin' with the yap
Till I take 'em in the back and beat a nigga like he Michael
Joe Jackson

[Hook x8:]
Get yo ass whooped like a nigga Joe Jackson
(Niggas always get to wishin' wolfin' with the yap
Till I take them in the back and beat a nigga like he Michael
Joe Jackson)

[Jarren Benton:]
Hit a motherucker with the ass of the Mossberg
Nigga you been geeking all day off of cough syrup
Nigga you ain't real you are all worse
Whoop a nigga's ass in the back of a WalMert
Ah, my bad I mean Wal-Mart
I'll do a drive by on a golf cart
Ten o'clock when I bend the block
Crack a motherfucker's skull with a cinderblock (HA!)
Take a nigga's life, put him in a box
Bitches on my dick because I'm in a drop
Ran into a nigga, wanna call the cops?
Told you niggas I am so unorthodox
Murder, murder, murder on the drop of a needle
Heavy metal stuck to my side like Magneto
Kill a rapper, put him in the trunk of a Regal
I don't give a fuck if the nigga know aikido
Slip a whole kilo, my amigo then I reload
Pow, shoot a nigga's eyeball through a peephole
Hang with the aliens, Stitch and Lilo
What you know about the maniac in a mink coat
Pow, push you nigga's wig back like chemo
Leave them with the dolphins, Dan Marino
The dope that we towed came from San Bernardino
Bullet seep through a nigga's skin like a needle
Money talk, baby, like cough syrup nino
We be getting to it like your money [?]
Fuck it, I'm the ego when I launch a torpedo
Haters suck a dick through a leopard printed Speedo
Time for some action, nigga what's crackin'?
First hater act, he gon' get a reaction
Twisted gon' slap him or Jarren gon' clap him
I'll whoop a nigga's ass like Joseph-Walter-Jackson

[Hook x8:]
Get yo ass whooped like a nigga Joe Jackson
(Niggas always get to wishin' wolfin' with the yap
Till I take them in the back and beat a nigga like he Michael Joe Jackson)

[Consigliere:]

Comin' at 'em with an AK, holla 'mayday'
When I'm standin' with 'em at the gateway like I'm Papa Legba
I go dumb, hit you with the black magic rum, it has begun
Ain't no runnin' from a nigga that's been sent to behead ya
Ain't nobody runnin' when I make a pussy come and hop over my dick
Ever when you get the booty clappin' I'mma rush and get off in your bitch
Put a hole up in your cranium and then I put 'em shot up in a ditch
?Diss?, welcome to this here, the cemetery full of sick
Contra, when you wanna run up on a nigga, I'm bizzankers
Slide up on 'em like a rattlesnake and I'mma fill their body full of venom
Niggas actin' like a motherfucker was a mystery, you better look 
into a nigga' history before you speak about the Twisted Insizz'em!
I don't run, I got the millimeter really wanna meet you
Walkin' right up to a nigga dumpin and stretch out and breach you
I need you, to keep on talkin' 'bout a motherfucker like he's too
Cool to come to the set, big back and drink up on Lee's Brews, nigga!
That's that bomedy bullshit on Brainsick
I posted it for the most, nigga, don't question my gangsta
Did dirt when you was in the elementary
[?] I was on the block, nigga, might pop-pop or shank ya!
They be actin' like a nigga won't say fuck 'em all, just buck 'em all, 
then leavin' everybody on the ground with bullet holes in they dome
Pull up on 'em, buss 'em with a military issue
I will dissmiss you with the clack-clack, nigga, get zapped, I'm gone!

[Man 1:] Don't mess with the bull young man, you'll get the horns

[Man 2:[ I want him dead! I want his family dead! I want his house burnt to the ground!

[Man 1:[ I can lay you out and fill your mouth with your mother's feces, or we can talk

[Man 2:[ I might come to you to your house while you're sleeping and I'm gonna cut your throat and then I'll come back and I'll slash your eyeballs. I'll pour gasoline in your eyes

[Man 1:] I will fucking destroy you. I will make it my mission in life