[Intro:]
Hey, what's up man?
You wanna race?
Yeah just a friendly race
Lets say from here to the end of the beat
On your marks, get set, go

[Verse 1:]
Finna beat the instrumental like it was a denim
I'll be in your mental, fill 'em on the middle
Every time I sit and think about the Voodoo
They be happy and I'm on 'em, wake up and
I knew the mommy was a goner
Papa never run away, now put the gun away
Before a bullet's put up in your fruit loop
With a deuce deuce I'mma put a bullet hole up
In your brain the size of Bruce Bruce
I'ma dominate it with abomination
What you think it really doesn't matter?
Put a body part up on a platter
Someone better listen, 'fore you come up missing
Put 'em in a kitchen bitchin' never get you nothing
But a kitchen knife up in your bladder
When I run up on 'em, put the gun up on 'em
Nigga, feel the pressure when I meet him
Beastin' with a demon knockin' at my do'
Is anybody home, I'm outta my mind, I'm psycho
Makin' it wicked and sick, I might go and I
Finish ya, throwin' your head in a pit
A murderer servin' up, put 'em in oven, I'm
Loving to eat a bitch spine tonight
I'm choppin' 'em up, are they ready for Jason and
Freddy and turning your brain to spaghetti-
Confetti to celebrate, nobody up on the level
Not even the devil nigga
Funny as I make a wish, you make a diss and
See if anybody listen to you when I'm pissin
On you and your face, put you in a grave
Better get a shovel nigga
Ain't no competition I don't really care
Who it is, what his name is, how famous
His anus is, I am just better!
They don't want it with the dangerous
Uncaged and untamed individual
In your brain and put two through your sweater
I be on a different level
They don't wanna meddle with me in the ghetto
Foot up on the pedal if you wanna settle
With me, I will pull up on you in the drop top
Blastin' 'em in that ass, put 'em in a bag
Drug 'em though the grass, matter fact
When I leave a motherfucker leakin'
I'ma bring him up in the Chop Shop, yeah!

[Pre-Hook x4:]
Choppin' everybody, ain't no competition

[Hook x4:]
Welcome to the Chop Shop
Nobody on it whenever they want it
I hit 'em with double up triple quadruple
And nigga nobody can fuck with me

[Bridge:]
I keep on bussin', I hit you with choppas
And chop you to bits
Bust with the blammer, hit you with the rammer
My hammer will spit
Try we will light him up, somebody tie him up
Fry him to grits
Come if they want to, them run up on me, they will
Die with this shit

[Verse 2:]
Everybody wanna be a chopper, nigga, pop off
I be animated, but I really wanna run and
Spit the venom in they face
I will barbecue a nigga, fuck around and try'na
Step up to the plate
Hope you got your runnin' shoe
When I be gunnin', fool, won't be no close race
I burn rubber, ain't no other mothafuckin' Sickopatomous
Simple and plain, I'm really-really bad and can't nobody stand me
Fuck around and get your noodle in a bowl!
I challenge anybody, bring it to me if you want that shit
I bring it to you in a minute and I will not finish
Until I rip through your skull!
It's obvious I make you nervous every time I come around you
Ain't it funny because I been patient,
Ain't no better sensation, nigga
Won't you take a lesson from the monster!
Puttin' everybody and they mama to the Matrix
Don't say shit, just turn around and run the
Fuck away before I hunt ya!
I be on a different level
They don't wanna meddle with me in the ghetto
Foot up on the pedal if you wanna settle
With me, I will pull up on you in the drop top
Blastin' 'em in that ass, put 'em in a bag
Drug 'em though the grass, matter fact
When I leave a motherfucker leakin'
I'ma bring him up in the Chop Shop, yeah!

[Pre-Hook x4:]
Choppin' everybody, ain't no competition

[Hook x4:]
Welcome to the Chop Shop
Nobody on it whenever they want it
I hit 'em with double up, triple, quadruple
And nigga nobody can fuck with me

[Verse 3:]
Somebody wake me up outta my sleep
Tell me I'm dreamin' they see me, they want me to be taken off of my feet
They crazy, you peepin' so much I be wonderin' how in the fuck I'mma gonna be up in the club with the heat try'na catch a nigga that wanna leap
Put 'em all up in that Chop Shop
Get cropped off in a drop top
Nigga, this Insane runnin' 'fore they
Comin' at you with the knock off
-Knock-knock!
-Who is it?
-Orange!
-Orange who?
-Orange you glad a mothafucka like me's not
Runnin' down your block with the pop-pop?
They be lookin' at me like a mothafucka
Second rate and I don't need you niggas
All up on me and all by my lonely
You was only homies when I feed you niggas
Choppin' people since, you know
The fuckers was in middle school
I be in it, front of class, I be on that ass
Don't nobody laugh when I teach you niggas
Blood stains on the floor board with a gore whore
Kill a bitch up in the kitchen, nigga, quit your bitchin'
Drag you to the four-door
Poor whore, I hammer the pussy
I bet you was feelin like Thor tore
Gimme more-more of the horrorcore
Nigga lookin' like he's straight from Mordor
Drag a nigga through the shadows
I'mma really take you (take you)
Man off, even Gandalf can't save you (behave you)
Little bit of brain might tame but won't save you
Get my nigga Lynch to come up in this
Mothafucka right now and bake you
Take you into a different level, nigga, where the devil lurkin'
Which bitch I wanna fuck, man, I don't know for certain
Depends on which one of them got the best ass for twerkin'
And I come back to the room, let me hit the womb through beef curtains!
The Chop Shop!