[Intro]
Travis barker (yeah!) (let's go!)
Lil Jon, yelawolf (let's go!)
Twista, and my homeboy: Busts Rhymes
Holla at 'em

[Busta Rhymes]
Before I
Take another minute just to give everybody a movie
They never seen Imma hit ‘em with another elbow
Let me get up everybody, on your mark, so ya ready? Let's go
WOW! OK, here we go again you see the way I’m blowing and
I’m like a mangala the way I be mangalin the beat
They call me DRACULA then you see the FANGS going in
WOW! Uh huh, everybody know that Imma come and Imma go
Then I gotta do what I be comin' in to do a body to the beat,
In other way, we givin' them a show
Keys to the ignition and step on the gas
And bust a bottle and pour me shot in my glass
Where we at? Where we at? Where we at!?
And we back up in the building and we coming with a scorcher
Yall already know who it is its Busta Bust and Travis Barker
Back to the beat see we gotta go when we hit the fire trucks everybody better know
That we bout to let it blow and we gotta get it you, everybody if your rolling wit me
(Let's go)

[Hook - Lil Jon]
Hey, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go
Hey, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go
Hey, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go
Hey, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go

[Twista]
I already spit it to the rhythm of the piano so now I gotta give the drummer some
Put the T up on the track will be phenomenal cause when it come to having a hit Imma have another one.
Blink 182 times when you the Twista with Travis, madness
Kind of like a savage, grab it and murder it with the art like blood
On the canvas and its kinda impeccable how I spit it and get up of middle intricate patterns of a kick drum.
Diabolical, the lyrical flow that’ll swallow if you theoretical thinking that you can get some.
Imma hit’em with the Lamborghini flow with the speed of a Bugatti
I’m from another planet when I spit a verse with the weed in my body. And Imma..
Hurt ‘em every time I get up in the booth, sipping on the liquor 182 proof
Now they wanna say that they never let me loose outta the cage they wanna see what Imma do
Its Twista the jace and the rock on the track, and hit you with the Midwest flow
Even if you ain't ready yet, all I gotta say is ready set, (let's go)

[Hook]

[Yelawolf]
Drive by, hit you with the two piece combo while I’m hanging out the window of your Daddy’s Lambo
Scrambled eggs, I got scrambled ammo, leave you on top of the water like a banana boat
Yea I’m an animal, everybody’s edible and Yelawolf is headed for your arm and hand and your head, I’m a cannibal.
Good heavens the man's hopping over the fence like a fucking antelope
So, send him to me in a minute when you finished and I'll put him in a vice grip
I'll put an end to the image and I'll send it in the, via independent fucking with the mic grill
I might split pull the trigger back in a submarine with sub machine loaded, in an ocean,
High deep, deep enough to leave a submarine imploded
Promenade motherfucker vámanos, it's me and I'm sick of the prognosis,
Got more bars than Barney Fife and I put you behind them and I’m like "Howdy Opie."
I can make your mamma really proud to know me, and your broke daddy is down to loan me gave me fifty bucks in penny rolls just to be in one of my videos yea homie let's go.

[Chorus]