I am your poison candygram,
The love that's meant to fade away
Vade retro, alter ego, move aside, I'm choking on this life
I think I tolerate your hate, as long as you're afraid
All I wanted was to be with you and suffer every day...

Under the moon I hold a wake for a promise torn
Mortally wounded, feelings sheltered me
Once again my shadow will enter your life
Time to walk with me the last mile...

I read a book about a man, a love, a woman, how they died
How I was waved aside, listen how the headless doves cry
I truly see a madman in the mirror when I'm weak
I spent a year in love before I realized it's me

Open your blue eyes, tell me that you love me, whore
Make me believe it, oh I know you're lying
Broke the vow I thought you made, my angel, why...
Could I let you wait out the night

Mother always said "my son, do the noble thing..."
You have to finish what you started, no matter what,
Now, sit, watch and learn...
"It's not how long you live, but what your morals say"
Cannot keep your part of the deal
So don't say a word... don't say a word

It won't be long now, love, like mist I slowly fill the room
I place a black candle on your chest,
the path of night is manifest
I never wanted us to end up in this catatonic phase
It wasn't me who ran away, you made me stray...

Open your blue eyes, tell me that you love me, whore
Make me believe it, oh I know you lie
Broke the vow I thought you made, my angel, why...
Settling the score, we pass the twilight...

Mother always said "my son, do the noble thing..."
You have to finish what you started, no matter what,
Now, sit, watch and learn...
"It's not how long you live, but what your morals say"
Cannot keep your part of the deal
So don't say a word... don't say a word

Strawberry blonde, your stranglehold
on my heart is bound to end
I suppose, life sometimes,
it doesn't go the way it was meant
Though you never were a believer,
I assure you: I won't die before you
You read the book now,
the part "Ashes to ashes, dust to dust"

Short is the fight of this little starling
Love sounds familiar, but the emotion escapes me
I will carpe the diem while it's still here,
And see how the fear of death becomes her

We had it all so sweet
Made for me, you, indeed...
Big secret, small the lie
Don't cry for me, oh, argentite

No word you say tonight
Can make this be alright
I'll help you follow through
Remember this?: pacta sunt servanda

... The wounds are too deep,
I need to keep the scars
to prove there was a time
When I loved something more than life

Unlike the last time here,
I now have the means and a will sincere
Your knight is nowhere near
Unfortunate for you, this makes me your God...

Closing your eyes, don't ever say you love me, whore
You never meant a word, I know you lied
When there is life, there is despair, indulge me now
And stay alive this night... I promise you the end before the first light arrives...