This shit right here man
It's real personal
It comes from the heart
I miss you bro
I love you bro

[Chantal Kreviazuk:]
How I'm feeling, it doesn't matter
Cause you know I'm okay
Instead, I ask myself, "Why do you worry?"
When you know, you know I'm the same
I know, I know you don't love me, baby
They're trying to take you away from me
Only over my dead body...

Dear bro, how's it going all the way up there in heaven?
How's the afterlife? I know you live in paradise
But down here, everything is fucked up
Man the world is so corrupt you gotta have a gun or have a knife
And mommy going through it
She ain't have a 9 to 5 since you died
She just stopped like a traffic light
Yeah it's been five years but she still cry tears
She depressed and her anxiety ain't acting right
And as for me? Shit, I been hurting
I ain't even gon' lie to you
I been drinking, getting high, getting wasted, overthinking
I been praying but the pain is so strong cause every night man I cry for you
I'm still throwing up that five for you
The other day I was thinking 'bout that time when you called me out the blue
And you told me spit a rhyme for you
Now every day I grind for you
And Quinn, yo she really getting bigger
Looking like the bigger sister
Shit she put me in the mind of you
Can't believe you had three kids nigga
But your daughter is your twin
I swear to god she just a lighter you
Damn we really miss you here
Life sucks and there's nothing that you missing here
Since you left, everything is just different here
Tell god that he really need to fix it here
But anyway I really hope this letter reaches you
Wish heaven had a phone so I could speak to you
Sometimes I wish that I could be with you
But it's something here in life that I need to do

[Chantal Kreviazuk:]
I know, I know you don't love me, baby
They're trying to take you away from me
Only over my dead body...

Dear bro, I been grinding
I don't work a 9 to 5, to be honest
I don't think that is the life for me
You know this rap shit was always my priority
Was always just a part of me, I swear it's just right for me
I found a girl that I really got a bond with
Beautiful, plus loyal, she aight for me
And Redlyfe, that's the squad
Them my niggas, them my brothers
Different mothers and they still would take a life for me
Saw your pops the other week, saw [?]
Grandma and Earl Key on the [?]
Ramell he in college, Keyon playing ball
Lil nigga getting tall, same height as me
September 26th, a day I never could forget
Another week, it'll make five years
Damn, it's like where the fuck the time went?
Since you left it's like where the fuck my mind went?
The thought of it just make me want to cry again
I swear bro I gotta win
For you, mom, me, and Quinn
Nah bro, I won't quit
Cause if I lose I'ma try again
Lately I been neglecting the family
And I don't know why, I gotta spend more time with them
P.S. I hope this letter reaches you
Wish heaven had a phone so I could speak to you
Sometimes I wish that I could be with you
But it's something here in life that I need to do

[Chantal Kreviazuk:]
I know, I know you don't love me, baby
They're trying to take you away from me
Only over my dead body...