[Young M.A. & 50 Cent:]
Yo bro
What's up?
I think I had too much Hennessy, man
I'm fucking with that Effen
This Hennessy getting to me
I ain't gonna lie, I'm a little smizz
Who that? They with us?
I'm a little drizz
Let 'em in, let 'em - 50
But we in the club, man, OOOUUU

[50 Cent:]
I let my young niggas drill like power tools
Power on every week, I make power moves
Talk what? I come through with all kinds of jewels
Beat the case, come to court with all kinds of Jews
Got your bitch telling me to go slow
She bouncing on the stick like a pogo
She went below the belt, that's a low-blow
Then tried to take a selfie, that's a no-no
Niggas be hating on the low though (I see 'em)
See me in the Coupe or that four-door (yeah)
You say you the plug, where the dough go? (dough go)
We throw that at them hoes in the go-go
50 back on that bullshit
You cool with my opps, we ain't cool, bitch
You got to watch how you do shit
That's just not how real niggas do shit

[Young M.A:]
Ooouuu, ooouuu
These haters on my body, shake 'em off

Yea they hate but they broke though (they broke though)
And when it's time to pop they a no-show
Yea I'm pretty but I'm loco (yeah I'm loco)
The loud got me moving slow-mo
Ayo Tweetie, where the hoes bro? (where the hoes bro)
Ayo Keys, where the hoes tho? (where the hoes tho)
That other nigga, he a bozo (he a bozo)
It's M.A, you don't know ho? (you don't know ho)
We got liquor by the boatload (that Henny)
Disrespect the Lyfe that's a no-no (that's a no-no)
All my niggas dressed in that rojo (Redlyfe)
I ride for my guys, that's the bro code (that's the bro code)
Baby gave me head, that's a low blow (that's a low blow)
Damn she make me weak when she deep throat (when she deep throat)
I need a rich bitch not a cheap ho (not a cheap ho)
They be on that hate shit, I peep tho (yo I peep tho)
My brother told me fuck em', get that money sis (go fuck em')
You just keep on grindin' on ya hungry shit (aha)
Ignore the hate, ignore the fake, ignore the funny shit (ignore the funny shit)
Cause if a nigga violate, we got a hunnit clips
And we go zero to a hundred quick (ooouuu)
We just them niggas you ain't fucking with (oh no)
Pockets on a chubby chick (ah)
And still go bag a thottie in some bummy shit (ooouuu)
Yerr Eli, why they testing me?
Like I don't always keep the hammer next to me?
Like I ain't got a hitter to the left of me?
Like we ain't in these streets more than Sesame?
If that's your chick, then why she texting me?
Why she keep calling my phone speaking sexually?
Every time I'm out, why she stressing me?
You call her Stephanie? I call her Headphanie
I don't open doors for a whore
I just want the neck, nothin' more
Shawty make it clap, make it applaud
When you tired of your man, give me a call
Dyke bitches talking out they jaw
Next minute calling for the law
This nine will have them calling for the lord
They ain't getting shmoney so they bored
I could never lose, what you thought?
M.A got it on lock, man of course
They say I got the juice, I got the sauce
These haters on my body shake em' off
Pussy I'm a bully and a boss
I'm killing them, sorry for your loss
I just caught a body, Randy Moss (R.I.P.)
Now this year I'm really going off

Ooouuu
Ooouuu
These haters on my body, shake em' off
Ooouuu
Ooouuu
Ahhhh, these haters on my body shake em' off
Ooouuu
Ooouuu
These haters on my body shake em' off
I could never lose what you thought? What they thought?
I could never lose what you thought?
This henny got me, it got me sauced
This henny got me oh, it got me sauced
I could never lose what you thought?
M.A got it on lock man of course
Ooouuu
Ooouuu