Yo, bro
I think I had too much Hennessy, man
This Hennessy getting to me
I ain't gonna lie, I'm a little smizz
I'm a little drizz
But we in the club, man, OOOUUU

Yeah, they hate but they broke, though (but they broke, though)
And when it's time to pop they a no-show (where they at)
Yeah, I'm pretty but I'm loco (yeah, I'm loco)
The loud got me moving slow-mo
Ayo, Tweetie, where the hoes, bro? (where the hoes, bro)
Ayo, Keys, where the hoes tho? (yo, where the hoes tho)
That other nigga, he a bozo (he a bozo)
It's M.A, you don't know, hoe? (you don't know, hoe)

We got liquor by the boatload (that Henny)
Disrespect the Lyfe that's a no-no (that's a no-no)
All my niggas dressed in that rojo (Redlyfe)
I ride for my guys, that's the bro code (that's the bro code)
Baby gave me head, that's a low blow (that's a low blow)
Damn, she make me weak when she deep-throat (when she deep-throat)
I need a rich bitch, not a cheap hoe (not a cheap hoe)
They be on that hate shit, I peep though (yeah, I peep though)
My brother told me fuck 'em, get that money, sis (yo, fuck 'em)
You just keep on grinding on ya hungry shit
Ignore the hate, ignore the fake, ignore the funny shit (ignore the funny shit)
Cause if a nigga violate, we got a hundred clips (grrrrAAA!)
And we go zero to a hundred quick (OOOUUU)
We just them niggas you ain't fucking with (oh, no)
Pockets on a chubby chick
And still go bag a thottie in some bummy shit (OOOUUU)

Yerr, Eli, why they testing me? (yo, why they, uh)
Like I don't always keep the hammer next to me? (like I don't keep that)
Like I ain't got a hitter to the left of me? (like I ain't got a hitter)
Like we ain't in these streets more than Sesame?
If that's your chick, then why she texting me? (yo, why she texting me)
Why she keep calling my phone speaking sexually? (OOOUUU)
Every time I'm out, why she stressing me? (yo, why she stressing me)
You call her Stephanie? (you call her huh) I call her Headphanie (OOOUUU)

I don't open doors for a whore (no, no no)
I just want the neck, nothin' more (no, nothin' more)
Shawty make it clap, make it applaud (now make it clap)
When you tired of your man, give me a call (give me a call)
Dyke bitches talking out they jaw (yo, what you said)
Next minute calling for the law
This nine will have 'em calling for the lord
They ain't getting shmoney so they bored (man, they bored)
I can never lose, what you thought? (man, what you thought)
M.A got it on lock, man, of course (man, of course)
They say I got the juice, I got the sauce (I got the sauce)
These haters on my body shake 'em off (I shake 'em off)
Pussy, I'm a bully and a boss (man, I'm a boss)
I'm killing 'em, sorry for your loss (R.I.P.)
I just caught a body, Randy Moss
Now this year I'm really going off (I'm going off)

OOOUUU
OOOUUU
These haters on my body, shake 'em off
OOOUUU
OOOUUU
Ah, these haters on my body shake 'em off
OOOUUU
OOOUUU
These haters on my body shake 'em off

I can never lose, what you thought?
What they thought?
I can never lose, what you thought?
This henny got me, it got me sauced
This henny got me, ooh, it got me sauced
I can never lose, what you thought?
M.A got it on lock, man, of course

OOOUUU
OOOUUU