Any shipyard man can sing when he works upon the hull,
Amongst the noise and the clamour that he all but disregards,
So he'll sing to himself and no one pays him any mind,
He's just another crazy welder in the shipyards.

But inside this welder's helmet, if you'll let me demonstrate,
When the mask is in position, and the fumes accumulate,
There's the finest echo chamber with a sound that can't be beat,
Where I'm the king of rock and roll and the world is at me feet,
And it may not sound like much to all them jokers on the squad,
But inside of here I'm singing with the voice of fuckin' God.

I'm Jock the singing welder,
Heavy Metal, Rock and Roll,
Jazz Blues, Roots Reggae,
Country, Rockabilly, Soul.

When I'm singing, well you'd best lock up your daughters and your mothers,
I'm Gene Vincent, Eddie Cochrane,
I'm the missing Everly Brother.

I'm Jock the singing welder,
I'm heading for the heights,
I'm Jock the singing welder,
And the 'cetylene lights.

Well, I'm more than just a welder,
And I'm telling you my name,
One day you'll see it blazoned,
In the rockin' hall of fame.

I've got these songs in my head,
I've got this dancing in me bones,
I'm Roy Orbison, Elvis Presley,
I'm Tom Fuckin' Jones.

I'm Jock the singing welder,
I'm heading for the heights,
I'm Jock the singing welder,
And the 'cetylene lights.

Prometheus he stole the fire and he brought it down to Earth,
It was a prehistoric welder, who figured out what it was worth,
They called it holy metallurgy and I want it to be clear,
That no man puts asunder, what I've joined together here.

I'm Jock the singing welder,
In the belly of the ship,
I've got my shaky leg,
I got my quivering lip.

I'm Jock the singing welder,
And I haven't got a choice,
'Cos I'm singing all day at the top of my voice,
I'm Jock the singing welder,
And the 'cetylene lights,
There's an empty throne waiting every Saturday night,
There'll be no more mistaking where I've set my sights,
I ain't no pretender 'cos it's mine by rights,
I'm Jock the singing welder and the 'cetylene lights.
Jock the singing welder and the 'cetylene lights,
Jock the singing welder and the 'cetylene lights,
Jock the singing welder and the oxy-acetylene lights.