[Intro]
Yo Face turn me up
Turn me up a little bit more, yeah
He probably would tell you you're beautiful
If he could talk to you
I mean, if there was no expiration date on the batteries
Look, I've never been a hater
It's never been in my nature and umm
But listen, let me hook you up 'cause

[Verse 1]
B.O.B., B.O.B. don't say he miss you
And he don't have lips to kiss you
And he don't have hands to dip your waist
And tell you how good you taste, yeah
See B.O.B., B.O.B. can't serve you breakfast in bed
Oh no (he can't) bathe your body (he can't) rub your feet (he can't)
He can't compete with my love (so tonight) I'm commin over

[Chorus 1]
You need that real type of love (oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah)
That can't be duplicated (I wanna serve you up)
Your body needs to be loved (loved down)
The way that God made it
See B.O.B. can't kiss those thighs (oh no)
B.O.B. can't share your morning rise
B.O.B. can't stay this hard
See I can go harder than him (I'll go longer than him)
Longer than your Battery Operated Boyfriend

[Verse 2]
I know (I know, I know)
You think that you can take B.O.B. anywhere (B.O.B. anywhere, B.O.B. anywhere)
But B.O.B. can't caress your skin
Help you stretch and bend
And if you ask all your girlfriends,
I'm sure you'll agree that B.O.B. (B.O.B.)
B.O.B. don't talk dirty to you (B.O.B. won't get verbal with you)
B.O.B. don't get all flirty with you (B.O.B. don't get freaky with you)
B.O.B. don't turn it around and make the bed bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, like I do

[Chorus 2]
You need that real type of love (yeah, yeah)
That can't be duplicated (can't be duplicated)
Your body needs to be loved (be fruitful and multiply yeah)
The way that God made it (see I even touch myself sometimes)
See B.O.B. can't kiss those thighs (B.O.B. can't kiss up on those thighs)
B.O.B. can't share your morning rise (B.O.B. can't look you in the eyes)
B.O.B. can't stay this hard (this hard yeah)
See I can go harder than him (rock hard yeah)
Longer than your Battery Operated Boyfriend

[Bridge]
B.O.B. don't play Donny Hathaway followed by Marvin Gaye,
Followed by Sade, followed by Al Green, followed by Raheem,
Followed by Prince, followed by DeBarge, and MJB (MJB) and Jodeci (Jodeci)
Pattie Labelle (Pattie Labelle) followed by The Isley's (Maxwell),
Earth Wind and Fire (Earth Wind and Fire) and Luther Vandross
'Cause B.O.B. can't help you take them Vicky Secrets off

[Chorus 3]
(You need a real love)
You need a real type of love (I'll be the real thing tonight)
That can't be duplicated (I won't be duplicated)
Your body needs to be loved (I got mental stimulation for you)
The way that God made it (I wanna love you like B.O.B. can't)
See B.O.B. can't kiss those thighs (who's gonna kiss your thighs)
B.O.B. can't share your morning rise (who's gonna share your morning rise)
B.O.B. can't stay this hard (B.O.B. can't baby)
'Cause I can go harder than him (but I can baby yeah yeah)
Longer than your Battery Operated Boyfriend

[Chorus 4]
(Just call on me baby)
You need a real type of love (you need that real type of love yeah yeah)
That can't be duplicated (it won't be duplicated)
Your body needs to be loved (you need a Love Experience)
The way that God made it ('cause I know)
See B.O.B. can't kiss those thighs (I know)
B.O.B. can't share your morning rise (I know)
B.O.B. can't stay this hard
See I can go harder than him
Longer than your Battery Operated Boyfriend

[Chorus 5]
You need that real type of love (love)
That can't be duplicated (if you need some real love tonight raise your hands in the air yeah yeah)
Your body needs to be loved (I said ladies)
The way that God made it (the way that God made it if you want some love)
See B.O.B. can't kiss those thighs (you better know)
B.O.B. can't share your morning rise (I even touch myself sometimes)
B.O.B. can't stay this hard
See I can go harder than him
Longer than your Battery Operated Boyfriend