If this ain't perfect timing, must be telepathy
I was just anticipating, that you'd be calling me
And I'd be getting closer, as simple as jumping in the ride (Closer)
And approaching your block (Closer)
When my key hits the lock and I'm in (Closer)
So it won't be long now... until we meet again

Till our palms are sweating hand in hand, till we're hot and both need a ceiling fan... won't be long now

Till we challenge time and try to meet the sun
Until you recognize that I'm your only one
Until we make a baby girl or a son... it won't be long now

I'll take my tongue to where you, you might feel like a wet dream
And on my way approaching, I'll think of new things we can do
(some oil, some fruit... some chocolates, I'm getting Closer)
In case you don't hear me I'm a say it one mo' time... Closer
As sure as my name is Raheem yeah... oh, Closer
Oh- On my life on the red, black, and green, Closer
I swear it won't be long now... baby till we meet again

Till our palms are sweating hand in hand, till we're hot and both need a ceiling fan... won't be long now

Till we challenge time and try to meet the sun
Until you recognize why I'm your only one
Till we make a baby girl or a beautiful son... it won't be long now

Baby till we meet again
Till we're sweating hand in hand, till we're hot and both need a ceiling fan... won't be long now

Till we challenge time and try to greet the sun
Until you clench my back and what's done is done
And until I plant the seed and I feel you cum
... It won't be long now

And you'll feel the earth, aligning and shifting
While I am giving you my all
I wanna take you to a place (take my hand, let's go) where the water never runs dry and beauty never dies (yeah... time flies, I wanna make love)

Baby till we meet again
Till our palms are sweating hand in hand, till we're hot and both need a ceiling fan... won't be long now

Till we challenge time and try to reach the sun
Until you recognize why I'm the only one
Until we make a girl or a baby son
... It won't be long now