I grew up in a seaside town where the devil lives.
Bonfire lights in the woods at night set to be afraid.
Down the street past the sweet shop, kids dipped in angel dust
Up the block crooked cops always look the other way
Took my board away
Call it confiscate

Under a rotting log in them woods, salamandas live.
They never have any trouble finding their own kind in the spingtime
I know its true you'd be happier with somebody else
Tripping over the logs in the woods in your own time
In the meantime
I am your time

Just tryin to talk to you straight again
Why would you listen to me?

I went from listening to lightning
To running from thunder
From getting my ass kicked, to running for cover
You say you'll never be lonely
I don't think you can know me
Cos we're no good for each other
we'll both know that when its over

Under this happy smile on my face there's an angry boy
all he wants is to win fist fights that he lost in high school
I know that angry boys do not grown up lovers make
I promise he will be quiet long enough for
you to fall for
Baby run away

Just tryin to talk to him straight again
He'll never listen to me

We went from listening to lightning, to running from thunder
From getting our ass kicked, to running for covers
You'll say you'll never be lone....

Maybe its the drugs and the alchol talking
Maybe its your neighbour and the shoes that he was walking
Maybe its the empty promise of tomorrow
Suspect it was the hippies and the money that they borrowed
Maybe theres no Jesus here to save us from the devil
Maybe we're just like Roman we can blame the Heavy Metal
Maybe building suburbs wasn't such a good idea
Maybe this is the condition of being stupid human beings
Who think its possible to listen to lightning?

You say you'll never be lonely, then I don't think you can know me
'Cos we're no good for each other
We'll both know that when its over.

I know it sounds like the same damn tune, but its somebody elses song.
And if we're talking about...
I'll give you the lame excuse I'm gonna do what my father did
Baby if that's all we got, baby we don't deserve this.