You don't have to tell me that I'm stubborn 'cause I'm not and I know 'cause it runs in my family it skips every other generation
You don't have to save my soul or make me feel like I'm in control.
It's not worth the double scotch whiskey that you'd have to buy me. 

You look like your surprised. Like when will I get wise 
But I'll just drive them same dead ends I've tried and I think I know why 

There's no connection between what I want and what is good for me. The truth I tell myself not to believe 

There's no connection between what I am and where
I'm supposed to be. The truth I tell myself not to believe. 

I really could have been some thin' 
but I'm not and I know that it's somebody else's fault 
Just like every fucked up thing that's ever happened 
I could have been like the king or someone who (would always win)
(or someone who you knew would win)
(or someone you'd bet on to win) could really sing 
Folks would line up round the corner just so they could come n' hear (watch me) me 

There I go again. Them devils love that sin. Well they can't end what I do not begin. 
So I'm safe where I'm in. 

There's no connection between what I want and what is good for me. The truth I tell myself not to believe. 

There's no connection between what I am and where
I'm supposed to be. The truth I tell myself not to believe. 

Don't think that I'm expecting you to stay 
'Cause you won't and I know 'cause I've seen it a million times 
It's my charming self destructive disposition 
Yeah I think that happy endings are for fools 
Who feel like will never loose 
People, who think (believe) there's a God out there that's gonna save them 

I'll get this round my friend. Then we'll start again 
The way we did when we were who we are. Have we come that far? 

There's no connection between what I want and what is good for me. The truth I tell myself not to believe 

There's no connection between what I am and where) I'm supposed to be. The truth I tell myself not to believe