[Man & Woman:]
Listen here Sheron, Mmm-hmm Now a nigga done showed you everything, you know what I'm saying, just in the spot with my partners- yeah -you feel me? So I'm thinking about taking this shit to the next level. I'm thinking about, know what I'm saying, a whole 'nother country with you baby, know what I'm saying? Yeah I know.  Thinking about taking your ass to London, I gotta pull up in the foreign in a foreign country, know what I'm saying? And you the perfect one for that, you know what I'm saying? No-no-no-no-no. What? You acting like you ain't feeling what I'm saying though right now you know what I'm saying? You gotta see the vision you know what I'm saying. No I've- You know with Flacko out there you know what I'm saying, them niggas living like Jimmy Hendrix and shit, motherfuckers getting in all types of shit out there- Yeah whatever sure. -you know what I'm saying? So we gon' pull up, I pull up with you, you showing what you working with- No -make me look a little bit better you know what I'm saying? And I'll buy you a couple of little things, you know, lil shopping and shit, spend a little check you know what I'm sayi- What sorts of things will you buy? -Pay attention when I'm tryna' tell you now, know what I'm saying? I just showed you everybody who's in the spot, everybody you know, fuck, you seen Diddy, you seen everybody you know what I'm saying? They fuck with me, I fuck with you, what you wanna do? I've never been to Europe. Pack your shit, matter of fact don't pack nothing baby- Maybe. -I'll get you whatever you need know what I'm saying? I'll spend this last little ten racks I got- Oh yeah, I like that. -you know what I'm saying? Ok, well- Just so we can look good and just you know. What you wanna do? You acting like you're nervous Yeah I mean, I've got work and other stuff -Work? Work? Yeah. Fuck you mean work?  Work. You need to work that skirt- Yeah yeah, you've gotta work with that. -that's what you need to do. Mmm. I don't know, like what would-what would happen if I-like when we got there, what am I gonna do? Fuck! What you think? You-shit-I ain't gon' fly you all the way out there like that- I didn't know it was like that -I'ma show you the homies and shit, you gon' fuck! Shit! No I didn't know it was like that. At least fuck me, don't fuck them, fuck me, like why I gotta keep reiterating, I don't like saying my shit more than two times. So look. What I'ma do is, I'ma hit my flight connection, she got the booking passes. Yeah. Alright, you know what I'm saying?
I don't, I need -As long as you got your passport-You got to America so you can sure as hell get to London, you know what I'm saying