[Playboi Carti & A$AP Ferg:]
Fuck that bitch she's tight skanless anyways, ain't nobody got time for her. That bitch's breath stinks and you know her pussy stinks. That ass is fat. No, what we doing back there- Yo Carti I bet you ate that bitch out two weeks ago  Say what? No, Keisha told me that, but I didn't believe it, now I believe it, that bitch house smell like piss I heard! Let's go to the Bronx though, I got these bitches, real talk. Flacko's not coming bro. Let's gon' go to the Bronx bro, we gon' take a Snapchat, he gon' fuck with it
Let's go fuck with the hoes

[Onyx:]
It's time to get live, live, live like a wire
Time to get live, live, live, live like a wire
It's time to get live, live, live like a wire
Time to get live, live, live, live like a wire

[A$AP Nast:]
Check it out, yo', yo', yo', numero uno
I'm big dog, Cujo
Flaming rappers like a sumo
Just brought a two though
I'm one nigga macking two hoes
My style too cold
The wild child, but who are you though?
I'm kung-fu flow
The gangsta corny like that movie you know
And fuck your vest my gun shoots through those
Shoot up your funeral, then leave out
Screaming "Kudos!"
But keep it cool though
The messy ones, we don't do those
But you know the Mob major
Niggas hate us, they bitches want to date us
We keep their pussy wet and see em' later
The whole style made up
And yo for real though, you can't faze us
Yo keep it real son, we two-player
Can't even say much
My live wire'll burn your place up
I tell you straight up
I'm hardcore go get your weight up

[Onyx:]
It's time to get live, live, live like a wire
Time to get live, live, live, live like a wire
It's time to get live, live, live like a wire
Time to get live, live, live, live like a wire

[A$AP Nast:]
Yo, ay yo I'm past the focus
I'm in my zone, fuck who hasn't noticed
Hoes ain't like me, said I'm ugly
Now they acting open
Pussy soaking
I pimp the hoes like my name's Goldie
The name's Nasty
Yeah your freak know me
I beat the box
Leave that thing swollen
Cruise through my city with my hammer loaded
The pigs annoying like the sound of locusts
I style wild plus my rhymes the dopest
My squad the best, a bunch of lyrical soldiers
Just Roc-A-Fella, Hov-a-sclupture
We drink Henny like soda
Reject chicks like "hold-up!"
And know the game like we 'ppose to
Our lives are like a roller coaster
The ups and downs keep my fam closer
No sneak attacks
These niggas can't approach us
Damn jokers
We keep stack chips and keep the heat for vultures
That anyday could try to run up on us, uh

[Onyx:]
It's time to get live, live, live like a wire
Time to get live, live, live, live like a wire
It's time to get live, live, live like a wire
Time to get live, live, live, live like a wire