[David Nevermind (Petey Pablo)]
This is David Nevermind
And today's controversy is coming from yet another member
(Aiyyo tell 'em that we not gon' be playin)
or should I say members of the hip-hop community:
(I'll blaze 'em niggaz)
Petey Pablo - a new artist signed under Jive
(Aiyyo look at my homeboys)
and has teamed up with Timbaland, outta V.A.
(We gonna blow this up)
In a quest to redeem his title
And bring, North Carolina, and Virginia, to the front of the line
(Yeah, we gon' do it)
We're gonna stand by

[Chorus: repeat 2X]
This one's for North Carolina!  C'mon and raise up
Take your shirt off, twist it 'round yo head
Spin it like a helicopter
North Carolina!  C'mon and raise up
This one's for you, uh-huh, this one's for who?
Us, us, us; yes sir!

[Petey Pablo]
Who am I?  Petey Pab motherfucker!
First to put it down for North Carolina
But guess what (what?), it's been worth it
I'ma superstar, bought me a big ol' car
Four-point-six, seen it 'cause
Black with the bars on the front and back
and got a button in the middle, make the trunk go eh-eh
But it ain't 'bout that
It's about gettin whatchu gettin and drivin all back here
Big fellas (six fellas)
Half of me and Carolina niggaz, I'm tired of y'all
Polk, Bladen, Marshall, Hoke, Greene County, Timbaland, damn
Transfer, Sandy Ridge, Browns over here (greens over here)
Pasqoutank, down on the, Odom East (lemme think)
Johnson County, Franklin, Burgaw, Newport, Warren, Shelby, Kenansville
(Man Catawba) Tarboro, Triangle, Goldsboro, Halifax, Statesville
And all my niggaz doin life behind the wall
This right here, right here, right here's for

[Chorus]

[Petey Pablo overlapping Chorus]
Uhh, uh-huh, uh-huh, beat it, beat it
You remember them days y'all, we used to play y'all
The radio and put our own lil part in the song y'all
We used to (Rep our city, rep our city!)
Runnin through the school halls
just before our basketball pep-rally jumped off (hah!)
My house, my home, my hood (hah!)
My brother, my sister, my cous' (hah!)
My niggaz that was there from the beginin
been wit me even 'fore they knew what bein with me was
Y'all niggaz just glanced at it, now I gotcha starin at it
Wouldn't been the same ol' North Carolina, it's been then
Y'all niggaz just gettin it, oh it's a shame isn't it?
Oh you thought we said we were comin wit a whole lotta songs
we were bullshhh! (ahh!)

[Chorus]

[Petey Pablo]
Man I had to do it
just incase you were one of the ones who wanted to come and ask somethin stupid
(What you think you doin?) What it look like?
Puttin it down for my niggaz in the south side
North Carolina, South Carolina
And all my little bitty ova looked hick towns
We gonna hit y'all asses, ain't nothin but a T.D. blast
that we got comin atcha, (beat) slammin, (first) classic
(Go for this) What's after platinum?
(Baby you don't want the bomb) And I don't meant to scare ya
but I'm about to bring it home
Blow these fellas, these hills, these streets and N.C. out the water
How's it feel to look a mothafucka dead in the grill and tell 'em I told ya

[Chorus]

[David Nevermind]
Uhh, af-after seeing this
I, I have no other questions, I, I mean I
Hey look, this is David Nevermind
I'm signing off, but before I'm outta here
Remember, if I ever talked anything about the Polk guys, nevermind
North Carolina and V.A. are definitely at the front of the line
You have my vote of support, over and out

[music until fade]