[The Jacka:]
13th and main nestram village.
Got beef with a nigga don't speak just kill him.
Got G's in my ceiling incase I need a lawyer nigga to get me through the storm I made it through on my own.
I'm feelin without trees I be illin is what my nigga say.
How could I keep the kush away?
It's the best shit on the planet.
Cultivate the seeds before I plant it.
I'm cultured by the G's who understand it.
Most can't understand me; my conversation needs overstanding.
I know sometimes I seem too demanding
Moms raised a killer up
Coulda been a scholar, but college wasn't in my blood so I'm mobbin with the thugs.
In and out the fucken joint gotta find another joint. Soon as I touch down the boys
Raided the spot. Shit is fucked now. Get a job? I don't know how. I can't take orders.
I just know how. To take over blocks with sacks of quarters I guess my connect
Is the closest one to the border.

[Chorus: Fed X]
I tried to help ya with the business so we all blow up.
I tried to help you with the money I do it all for us.
See I was right there by your side while we was livin' it up
Hustlin hard blowin birds buying anything we wanted.

[Fed X:]
I tried to help him I will shoot him for him he's like my family
But helpin niggas across you get you caught up in the wammy.
Now the guns is pointed at me I was surprised as fuck, but
Them soldiers that he's trustin is under my umbrella
I once was a drug dealer, but I moved on up I put the niggas in the game
Showed them the walk and the talk and how to make the money rain
I was givin em raw I flew birds in the rain just to get that gwap and
Now them shootin me is like you shootin your mama your whole house into drama
You couldn't believe it. You tried to switch it up, but you couldn't achieve it.
Get you buried in the dirt for bitin the hands that feeds you and I was tryin
To help, but you wanted my wealth. I even bailed you outta jail and it's so hard
To tell, but some niggas be snakes they wanna put you in the grave.
Six feet deep tryin to bury your name.

[Chorus: Fed X]
I tried to help ya with the business so we can all blow up.
I tried to help you with the money I do it all for us.
See I was right there by your side when we was livin' it up
Hustlin hard blowin birds buying anything we wanted.