[Verse 1:]
Ridin' with the top down all the time never snow in the Bay till I move the line. Pushin' kicks
Shootin' clips cause we don't care. If you ever need me I'll be right there. the mob only got one
Chance five prayers. strapped down killers with me but I'm not scared I ain't worried bout
Niggaz I'm so prepared. It seems like I don't want nothin right fo real. not in a dream, no life
Is treal. so I confess to alot of sins I concealed. get it off my chest (arbic)[?] Allah I be
Blessed, back in the streets hustlin' tryin to ice my wrist, it's kinda hard to stay in school
Seeing shitlike this. grew up poor seen the door and I couldn't resist. the smack dealer.
The young homeboy is fucked up thinking bout da lifes I destroyed.

[Chorus: x2]
In da drug Business some boy students. time to go hard mom can't pay da rent.
Can't see my future in all of da shit and you wonder why we all resort to violence.

[Verse 2:]
Da jack boi. 400 kilos dipped in wax, crack em open with a baby axe den bust on the packs,
Hustlin in da place with coke, pusher in fact. da boi Fed in a Dodge Mag blue on black. it was
100, 00 last month I blew on black seen muthafuckaz die in they teflon vest. I'm in the Royce
Gettin high with the tank on F. Hope I say Allahs great with my last breath. it ain't checkers it's
Chess, knock you out with my left take yo life with my right den blend into da night. I know the
Whole mob tough but we don't fight I rather see yo brains hang on yo coke white

[Chorus: x2]
In da drug Business some boy students. time to go hard mom can't pay da rent.
Can't see my future in all of da shit and you wonder why we all resort to violence.

[Verse 3:]
I said In da drug Business some boy students. time to go hard mom can't pay da rent. can't see
My future in all of da shit da killers in da hood just resort to violence. wanna be in the light
But I hate the sirens niggaz hate I'm tired ain't got da line or whateva you can say whateva but
Don't cross me never the game been good to me but won't last foreva. a little in the past
Wishin times would get betta. da truth of my religion is all I need to remember.

[Chorus: x2]
In da drug Business some boy students. time to go hard mom can't pay da rent.
Can't see my future in all of da shit and you wonder why we all resort to violence.