[LADY DYNAMITE]
WHen i step up on the microphone,
explosive people learn to pimp
an play like they know dis
but they neva see the dynamite get firocious
ya to show dis watch while i blow dis,
from a step up on dis MC ting here good vibes i try to bring,
i try to fling,
but its time to show im not playing be a on ma back when i chat
but i know what they saying,
said a know bout me lyrically, i be a young lady
come for set the M I C on fi-are,
Take dem ravers dem higher met the evil,
say ya neva be like demon an den i neva seen lyrically ability
to put them six foot d double e p test me
i take you to your final destiny......

I got a tongue like a trigger met dem more like river bomb squad,
Den i shiver with ma bomb deliver anyone a test imma bury ya
DId ya momma neva tell ya not play with fiare?
IS it them foot dem wannabe playa?
IS it them foot dem em be a slidaa?
Have them ballin like they was town cryer,
TO be like D an so solid is their desire
But they dont know how i spit
AN they dont know that i wont quit
I put a stop to their bull shit
Make them prang like we shot get lick
AN they dont know about D,
theyll see that them badmind only
Make me more determined to succeed
Dynamaite so solid say fuck the envy...

[ASHER D]
They dont know bout my crew
They dont know what i do
They dont know about my flow
THey dont know where i go

EVerybodys gettin down to the sound of the s o s o l i d
Be wannawannabe wannawannabe DARKSYDE

EVerybodys gettin down to the sound of the s o s o l i d
Be wannawannabe wannawannabe DYNAMITE

[ASHER D]
If you wanna go deeper than this
yeah im talkin about back in the day
when i neva had shit never rolled with my clique,
an i never been rollin around with my hand on my stick
now im bussin em quick,
GUns in my hits an my clips an the bricks an im touchin the tips,
cuz im frozen from head to toe chasin cartier baguettes an im feelin
this shit,
cuz i been here from day an i know that im real in this shit,
are you lyrically fit?
challenge me right now on the stage with a mic in your hand to a beat you 
can pick
ASher Ds never fadin no way an my flow is too sick,
An i keep a full clip waitin to exhale on the niggaz thats got all the lip,
So mind when you trip, when you feel that your trippin its me that is makin 
you trip,
Keep your mind on your shit, when i tell you to jump you jump until i say to 
sit,

[MEGAMAN]
EH yo ash (what)
You wanna chillin in ma T,
Iced out when people see me,
Think again can they really see me?
Dont chat shit cuz i can see you but you cant see me
I wanna feel merry but im feelin her cunt feelin ma belly
No sess no murf no smelly or was i drunk come bounce on ya merry
its gettin messy,
You better wait for the next part,
Megaman get too dark so dark
Megaman get I dark you dark
When Megaman talk then you talk..we talk
well ma names MEgaman they say mega cant talk the talk
that they talk prepare to get dark,
Are you ready to get cursed?
But first me an ma shadow exchanged verse
listen i said shadow shall i fuck that bitch?
He said no megaman keep your eye on your shit
an i said shadow shall i kidnap man ?
he said no megaman dont you understand

[chorus]

[ASHER D]
i can take you out over your sleep
But im startin to think that your hatin me
Cuz my head is hot and my hands itchy
AN i dont like the smell of PHD

[MEGAMAN]
Dont take the piss ya naa
im gettin sick ya naa
WHen you was broke you know that i bought ya
Like a bitch in the corner
scopin me out you know that i taught ya

[ASHER D]
Sellin ma flow im the star of the show
When you out to get bookies i be slammin it o like
soon damaged im out the window no trace when i dusst
i dusss when i go

[MEGAMAN]
I dont give a shit so check that
everyday see ya neva know mega wreck that
You bust mine i bust yours to sawdust
so when you out take a deep look at your daughter

[ASHER D]
Mega are you a friend or an enemy?
Execution is a tendancy in my vocabulary
are you feelin me?
I took ya to ice that you never will see

[MEGAMAN]
ASher D stick to reality
who was you shottin for ? (eh mega) see
who got you bookies? (but mega) see
so who made you dough? (eh listen mega) see
you thinkin you wouldve made it without me,
then you gettin too brave competin with me,
Asher D your diminished come down the mic thats right
now hommie your finished