She may be pretty got more money than me but she don't write
Songs about you. She's always cooking and studying books and
But she don't write songs about you.

There's a place that's good for me got money skies and fruity
Trees and trust me love is on the way. Baby baby satisfaction
Fills the air and holds me close like teddy bears and it's a 
Sunshiny day even when it's cold and dark outside, inside the
Sexy people screaming that they love me cause I'm macy gray.
Crazy crazy, when the party ends and all the angels are
My friends they see me they say: hey hey

She may be pretty got more money than me but she don't write
Songs about you. She's always cooking and studying books and
But she don't write songs about you.

In this place the things I cherish last forever and whoever
Enters has a song to sing. They go: "lalalalalalalalalala, 
Dooobeedooo." Even when it's cold and dark outside, inside
The sexy people screaming that they love me cause I'm macy
Gray. Crazy crazy, when the party never ends and all the
Angels are my friends they see me they say: hey hey.

She may be pretty got more money than me but she don't write
Songs about you. She may be smarter, her bosoms are larget
But she don't write songs about you. She'll give you good head
And she'll make up your bed, but she don't write songs about
You. You think she's for you, but she'll only bore you but she
Don't write songs about you.

My cherie amour, looking at the front door, sweet thang, hit
Me baby one more time - betcha think this song is about you,
Couldn't-a wrote it without you - it goes: la la la. It goes: la
La la. Crazy crazy. Jmj in the house.

She may be pretty got more money than me but she don't write
Songs about you. This song's about you baby - it's all
About you baby - she don't write songs about you she'll give
You good head and she'll make up the bed but she don't write
Songs about you. You'll think she's for you but she'll only bore
You cuz she don't write songs about you. She'll do your dishes
And feed all your fishes but she don't write songs about you.
She don't write about you. They go la la. La