[Intro]

[Verse 1 - Ca$h Out:]
Aye!
Thirty-six O's wrapped up
Vacuum seal them brickies. (I wrap the bricks up)
Play with' money, deal with consequences
We gone kill lil' Ricky
Half a brick worth of cash man
Came with' all my britches (Got bricks in that car)
Her last nigga was a lame man
Gotta mold my bitches (I mold my bitches up)
I-I ride with extensions (I ride with the clip)
I smoke on extensions (I smoke on the long way)
I don't ride the benches (I don't ride the wood)
I'm up in the trenches (I'm up in the skrr skrr skrrr)
You know what I'm whippin'
That fish scale came through the mail (fish scale came through the mail)
Iced out all my crosses mane, I'm a give 'em hell (I'm a give 'em hell)

[Hook - Ca$h Out:]
Drop my cool (drop my top)
All this ice got me feelin' cool (got me feelin so cool)
Bad bitches got me feelin' cool (me so cool)
All this ice got me feelin' cool

Me So Cool. [x4]
Drop the top got me feelin' cool (me feelin' cool nigga)
Bad bitches got me feelin' cool
Me so cool

[Verse 2 - Problem:]
Good everywhere (Problem!)
Can't keep me out the loop (can't keep me out the loop)
On or off the court, (on or off the court)
I'm like Jordan with the hoop (swish, buckets!)
Nothing's free-man, (nothing's free man)
But it's Morgans in my coupe (you see her)
Go enormous when I swoop (enormous when I swoop)
Gas it 'til it poot (Skrrrtttt!)
Smash off to the clientele
And Get her half off (half off)
Hold it (hold it)
'Fore I go I gotta make sure I drop her ass off (bitch, get out!)
Business & pleasure don't mix (no, no)
Bitch don't be smackin' your lips (no, no!)
Fuck that ho, it's my world (My world)
Drop her off then call her homegirl
Diamond lane, the gang imperial

[Verse 3 - Yakki Divioshi:]
[Talking:]
(Sheeeesh!)
"That's a fool one there, Problem. (Damn!)
Now they really got a problem, Yakk steady
Yakkaveli, check out my Yakkumentary
Fuck you tahmbout (GMG)
Hold up! (Get it!) "

Twenty-five hundred on Christian Loub's. (What!?)
Red bottoms got me feelin' bool (nigga what!?)
If I ever go in slime mode (whooooooo!)
Fuck your grind mode
Every nigga food (stayin' true)
They said I act like a innertube
Fuck it! Gone fill the block with' the pressure
Eighty thou on a compressor
Nigga try, I apply pressure
And my daddy had white chicks for under seventeen like a Chester (He was workin' & workin')
He whip it and whip it
Then smash on the block like a pedal (Now he servin', he servin')
J's at the door like "He finished yet?"
(I tell 'em "Nah, calm down keep it cool")
Black, the J, say "Can I get 'em yet?"
(I'm like "Nah, balm down keep it bool")

[Hook - Ca$h Out:]
Drop my cool (drop my top)
All this ice got me feelin' cool (got me feelin so cool)
Bad bitches got me feelin' cool (me so cool)
All this ice got me feelin' cool

Me So Cool. [x4]
Drop the top got me feelin' cool (me feelin' cool nigga)
Bad bitches got me feelin' cool
Me so cool

[Verse 4 - Ca$h Out:]
Send a shooter, make him drop the ticket
In the kitchen, tryna whip a bricky (aye)
Extra drum for them K's (skrr skrr skrrr)
Straight drop for the place (straight drop)
Lakewood, Clear Nile, Pink city
Trap housing for days (I know where my trap is)
How the fuck these niggas say they shooters? (Aye)
I know where they stay (I'll run up on you nigga)
Boy I'm playin' round with the Roc
Like I signed with Hova (signed with Jay)
Bricks in the sofa, Choppa by the sofa
Broke jumpin' over; mafia, cosa nostra (cosa nostra)
Body language, I know he snitchin'
Just watch how that boy approach ya
Seventeen thousand on choppas
I'm feelin' like Sosa (feelin' like Sosa)

[Talking:]
"Yeah. You heard me, seventeen on choppas nigga
That's nothin' nigga (no, no, no, no)
That was the back end nigga (just getting started mane)
That was the back end nigga (kitchens & choppas)
I told you niggas (kitchens & choppas)
Yeah nigga, extra ten thousand on bullets nigga (kitchens & choppas)
What's up nigga, warfare nigga
Let's get it nigga"

Kitchens and choppas
Send a nigga to the doctor
Black phantom, goddamn!
Bitches singing like the opera (they singin' to me, they singin')
They be like "why the hell you ridin' round with the tommy?" (Ride with' that monkey nut)
Boss bitches with' me, Yummy (Yummy yummy)

[Verse 5 - Yummy Pearl:]
[Talking:]
"Boss! They ain't talking 'bout shit
Boss bitch, you heard him (been had money)
Ain't known for talking shit
But I'm a talk my shit anyway (Y.E.)
I get cash in just by cashing out nigga (lil Jamaica)
Pass me the blunt! Nah, fuck that shit
I'm goin' in" (pay attention)

Even though I'm no stoner
Medusa head on her (whoo whoo!)
I'm a rich bitch with' no deal (whoa)
Ain't got no worries, I'm chill (whoa)
All of my niggas brought steel (whoa, whoa)
Drink with the seals
Bitch I get money so Fuck how you feel (fuck it)
I'm living lavish don't do no footwork
But I'm known in the city for gettin' that cash in (boss shit)
Boss bitch (boss bitch)
Double Bs up but don't bang nigga
Bitch sold dope but don't slang nigga (sold dope)
Never seen fly 'till I came nigga
I put the beam on your head fuck aim nigga (red dot)
And I never have issues with bitches
Concerning their dudes (swerve)
Nine times out of ten
He went down & he tried to pull out
And I told him "I'm cool, I'm cool"
Me don't pull up
Me don't give sex
Me gotta finesse and run up a check
These cats in my crew got 'em feelin' so cool (we cool?)
So many red bones so they calling us bool (we bool)
Can't rep the red cause my money too blue
It take a few racks just to walk in these shoes
My hair is pink and my pussy is too
Muhfucka who you?
I'm yummy, you new
'Till then step ya bars up (lil bitch)

[Hook - Ca$h Out:]
Drop my cool (drop my top)
All this ice got me feelin' cool (got me feelin so cool)
Bad bitches got me feelin' cool (me so cool)
All this ice got me feelin' cool

Me So Cool. [x4]
Drop the top got me feelin' cool (me feelin' cool nigga)
Bad bitches got me feelin' cool
Me so cool