You know I'm doin' big thangs for me
Got big thangs, you know what I mean?
You don't even understand it you know what I mean?
Big riches it's a blessin'
Anyway, check it out

[Hook:]
And I ain't having big things, ain't it man?
You know I'm from a crip gang, ain't it man?
Ain't afraid to let my nuts hang, ain't it man?
And smoke a lot of mary jane, ain't it man?
And I never been in love before, ain't it man?
A gangsta nigga on his throne, ain't it man?
You know I'm doing big things, ain't it man?
You know I'm about that good thang, ain't it man?

[Snoop Dogg:]
Twist up a swisha sweety put some foul in that bitch
Lets get wild
Lets get high
Come on, lets take a few hits
Sip some drink, count yo bank or do whatever you feel
Pop the top on yo lacker, is that a Snoopy deal?
It's got to be Monopoly it's how I play on this field
A quarterback with the sack, I got a team to build
A Dream to fill, scheme for mills, wheels and deals
Do how I feel, don't give a fuck how I feel
And that's for real
A lot of pimp niggas be poppin' up
Ever since me and Magic Juan made it popular
Pimpin' ain't easy, for sheezy, my neezy, cuff your breezy
And remember this nigga when you see me

You know I'm doing big things, ain't it man?
You know I'm from a crip gang, ain't it man?
Ain't afraid to let my nuts hang, ain't it man?
And I smoke a lot of mary jane, ain't it man?
Oh, waaaah, ain't it man? [x8]

[Kokane:]
Jacob fella stay fly, everyday gaters laced up
I ain't thinking a pay cut, this beat is paper chaser
You work from 9 to 5, but I'mma keep a steady hustle
Yeah, we doin' big thangs, a nigga gotta have some muscle
Always keep it low, keepa ain't afraid to knuckle up
If ya disrespect my pimpin', tryna fuck my hustle up
I'm just here to kick game, get on the mike, spit flames
Big Snoop Dog with Kokane, ain't a man

[E-White:]
Catch me lookin' flossy, I done hooked up wit the boss and
Where he got his share of thrust is not my fault
I'm handsome enough without the clothes and the [?]
But I'm rough, bossin' up on all them hoes, think I'm a star
I hustle and I call it like I see it, can't sleep
I need some money, stressed out, I'm about to fight
Bite off that weed or somethin'
To make it happen is the mission that they send me to get wit
Not all fall out dawg house, I represent this

[Hook x2]