Fa shizzle dizzle, its the big Neptizzle
with the Snoopy D-O-Double Jizzle!
...(Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
...C-walk to this (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
...Hehe, yeah, C-walk to this (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
...Ahaha, C-walk to this (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)

[Verse 1]
Bam, boom, watchoo gone do cuz?
Guess I'm rollin in with them baby blue chucks
And I still got my khakis creased
Im still rockin on these beats, and got a bad rep on the streets
Its the S-N-double-O-P, and, biggest dogg of 'em all
and youse a flea, and
and since I got time to drop it for you, I guess I must
and give it to you mother fuckas like bust-a-bust
I keep the heat on deck, but in God we trust
And cant none of yall, fuck wit us
But you can run up on the G but thats not thinkin wisely
these pullas are contagious, just like Ron Isley
(What the hell is goin on? Someone's sleepin in my home)
Snoop to the D-O-Double G
Get in, where you fit in... follow me

[Chorus]
Whos the man with that dance? (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
Who kick the khakis from his pants? (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
Keep the lo-lo in the three wheel stance (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
Still rock the gin n juice in hand (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)

[Verse 2]
I do it for the G's, and I do it for the hustlaz
Here to annihilate you mark-ass bustas
fuck the police cuz all they wanna do is cuff us
The one nigga is chilly, as if his name was Usher
But I'm still ridin in macks, makin 'em G stacks
and got them corn rows to the back
I aint really tryin to be picky
but if you give me somethin, its got to be the sticky
Doin by the ounces, Lo' lo's bouncin
Ninety doin fakin with kissin on the couchin
Boo to the ouchin, more a fountain
But thats how we get anotha doggy dogg housin
This year we aint fuck wih thousands
We clean with millions and we fly as a falcon
Pull up to the Doggy Dogg Pound, with a car fulla bitches
fuckin grits like Alice

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Three 14 inch rims is runnin on the side (They riding on the side?)
Yeah they runnin on the side!
Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They riding on the side?)
Yeah they runnin on the side!
Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They riding on the side?)
Yeah they runnin on the side!
Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They riding on the side?)
Yeah they runnin on the side!
Take two and pass it, it will not burn you
From the Long Beach chronicles to the Wall Street Journal
They all know the G with the cut in his coupe
Ask Bill Gates (yeah I know the homie Snoop)
Yeah I'm still loaded, hangin wit my folk and
Follow Rakim cause "I Ain't No Joke"
Cause I done seen so much, enuff to have your felons touched
When the gunshots ratta, all ya boys scatta'
Check up on ya homies but they gave ya bad data
Nigga fuckin stop breathin
That is so relievin', and now ya bitches are leavin'
What I say cuz what I say is so real
Homie you don' wanna see da, steel
You dont wanna catch a body, You cant hear the party!
Now thats what you should do, now wheres my baby-boo?

[Chorus]
[fade out]