[KRS-One:]
Yeah! La la la...
What up Snoop?
KRS in the building
Listen! Listen!

Too much brr brr brr
Too many people getting brred [?]
All you hear is brr brr brr in the streets
People grip and they eat just to settle they beefs
Brr brr
Now you getting chased by police
You running to the west, running to the east
But the problem is you under the beast
Brr brr brr - now your brother's deceased
We need peace
Not brr in the streets
The brr in Iraq lasts for weeks
Wack rappers, I'm crushing these creeps
Every time I spit they get weak
Knowledge reigns supreme
I take you back to the days when the telephone used to brring
I'm reading the sacred script
KRS, Battlecat, Snoop in it

[Snoop Dogg:]
Let us begin
What, where, why or when?
Most of my homeboys are dead or in the pen
While I'm at the top, upfront getting it in
Open doors, fuck that cuh, we kick them in
Blast master, blast faster
No more slave mentality, cause now we the masters
Ready for whatever cause you know that they after us
Clear the scene with the beam, cuh, this shit could get disastrous

By any means necessary, peeking out the window
Watching all this sucker shit, look at the pretenders
Thinking how the rap game was
I dig, I dug, I push, I shove, yeah I fell out of love
But it ain't no thing, telephone ring
They don't make 'em like they make 'em when I used to bang
So I try to show the little homies different things
How to diversify, and change different lanes
Learn to read a little, exercise your brain
Mental gymnastics, it's a cold game
Always knew that they would try and trip me, trick me but they couldn't
Cause all my teachers and doctors were curious to the furnace
The honorable speaks
Like Minister Louis Farrakhan my influence is deep
Cause it's truth
What's that? You don't like that?
Well we fight back. And we'll be right back

Let us begin
What, where, why or when?
Most of my homeboys are dead or in the pen
While I'm at the top, upfront getting it in
Open doors, fuck that cuh, we kick them in
Blast master, blast faster
No more slave mentality, cause now we the masters
Ready for whatever cause you know that they after us
Clear the scene with the beam, cuh, this shit could get disastrous