[Intro: Snoop Dogg]
What it do? Comin at you live
It's your boy Bigg Snoop Dogg
Got my nephew Soulja Boy in this motherfucker
And we need you to move like... pronto, like expeditiously
Matter of fact, Soulja Boy, holla at 'em nephew
Ya diiiiiig?

[Chorus: Soulja Boy]
Pronto; you know that's how we ball
She dancin on my drawers with my back against the wall
S.O.D. boys got our money sittin tall
While yo' money sittin small, then we make a phone kiz-zall
Kiz-zall, I'm callin all my boys
They gonna bring the noise when we hit the dance floor
My team hardcore, all the girls do adore
I'm 'bout to do the game right til my feet get siz-zore, siz-zore

[Soulja Boy]
Stepped on the scene, make the haters say damn it
Soulja Boy Tell 'Em, hottest rapper on the planet
Your girl love me, and I know you cain't stand it
Gotham City girls got your boy Bat-Mannered
Your girl go hard like Dikembe Mutombo
Soulja number one but I ain't talkin 'bout the combo
S.O.D. boss yeah, I'm the head honcho
Walk inside the club I need V.I.P. pronto

[Chorus]

[Snoop Dogg]
Get it in, get it out, turn it up, turn it out
Bigg Snoop Dogg and Soulja Boy, told ya boy, in ya mouth
Make it bang, make it bounce, break it up, take it out
Nigga what you talkin 'bout? Snoop Dogg, walk it out
Go to work, do the jerk, do it 'til yo' head hurt
We the west, kiss the turf, known throughout the universe
Superman and kryptonite, all on the same mic
Send us some bad bitches like... (pronto)

[Chorus]

[Bun B]
Church on the move, L7's yellin mayday
Rap-A-Lot and "II Trill" lookin fo' a payday
Rollin to "The Chronic," it's feelin like it's +Dre Day+
I'm cooler than an +Ice Cube+ and you can ask Day Day
Bun B, an O.G. from out the dirty
I'm comin down candy and I'm sittin on them 30's
Your girlie's kinda purty, she actin kinda flirty
I'ma have to take her to the crib and flip her like a birdie
Put on for my city (city) rep it for my block (block)
Like Hook from outta Brooklyn, or Cap from outta Watts (Watts)
Them knots up in my Levis, them Jordans on my toes (toes)
That Coogi's on my back and I'm just tryin to get chose (chose)
S.O.D. Money Gang, sittin on them stacks (stacks)
That LBC O.G. with boppers on the track (track)
And last but never least the Underground King is back
And we tryin to make it crack, that's a fact, pronto (pronto)

[Chorus]

[Snoop Dogg]
All black hooded up, nigga we can get it up
Yeah you can set it up, cause we will never let it up
And I'll do it 'til you get enough
And I'll leave you dead and red and stuff
What it do, what it is
I see you haven't read enough
This is the life I chose for me, and this is the way I chose to be
A lot of fools is cold to me, but that's just the way it's 'sposed to be
Never went against the grain, always bang 20 Gang
Stand for something dog or you gon' fall for anything but
Later for that, yeah I got my swag back
I'm with the Soulja Boy, now nigga back back
For them G.C.'s and T.C.'s we in the V.I.P.
Blowin on some Laker purple trees, jerkin these
Workin these cute bad bitches, I think they Vietnamese
We gon' get them for they cheese
Break it down, spread it 'round, buy a pound
Put it in the air right now~! Like pronto (pronto)

[Chorus]