Ayo, K-Dot? You up on that new Snoop Dogg? That nigga shit banging!
I ain't fuckin' with none of these new niggas, but that nigga, Snoop Dogg? That nigga back!
Right, right, he a wild lil nigga. But that's where you're wrong at lil homie; big Snoop never left!

I'm still here
Yeah, chada-di-da-da
Sugar...
Yah, man...
Check it

Didn't think I would last, I'm adrift on a draft
While I'm flippin' my craft, hold a gift to the gab
Cre-i-zippin' my rag see, hop on the grass
Peep-pop on these suckers tryna avoid the clash
But if I must I must, let me raise my glass
Tryna move on off and put you on up - some fresh game
Or how to maintain, sustain and gangbang
You never change, you stay the same
It sound easy, don't it? I put a lot on it
I be Dogg on it, I really want it
Achieve at the speed that you work at
And these is the G's we the throwbacks
Battlecat on the track
There is just no way you can call that a comeback
We done that, we run that, from the top back little to the front
We only here to give you what you want
Blaze it, one!

When your times is being rough and no one want to be near you
You know that I'll be there, I'll be right there
And when you're luck is so bad and no one really wants to hear you
Just turn me on, turn me out and let me play
Lada-di-di-da-da!

Horse and a carriage
Sports in a marriage, all in a day's work
Show you how these plays work
Longevity, heavenly blowing kush heavily
Rearange my melody, no more felonies
Shout-out to my mama Beverly, and my grandmother the elderly should be upheld to the utmost[?]
Half the reason why I'm great
Mississippi the state
Let me shake back [?] back to the beat
And keep supplying yall with more heat for the street
Snoop Dogg, Snoop Lion, it's all the same
One thing's for sure, this shit bangin
Achieve at the speed that you work at
See these is the G's and we the throwbacks
Battlecat on the track
There is just no way you could call it a comeback
Been there done that

When your times is being rough and no one want to be near you
You know that I'll be there, I'll be right there
And when you're luck is so bad and no one really wants to hear you
Just turn me on, turn me out and let me play
Lada-di-di-da-da!

Lada-di-di-da-da!
Yeahma, Snoop Lion
Snoop Dogg, hehe!
I'm still here!
[?]