Don't disrespect me. Do not disrespect.
I don't disrespect you niggas, I don't bother you niggas. I get my money the way I do. Leave me alone. I don't disrespect you niggas.
Leave me alone. Don't disrespect me. Please, just leave me alone. I'm getting my money the way I do, I'm in my own comfort zone.
Leave me alone. Don't disrespect me. Keep to myself, you keep your yourself. Leave me alone!

Radio, TV, and even the press
They want the meaning of V-A-P-O-R-S
Now the meaning of this word without no doubt
Means nobody wants to be down when you're down and out
Now when you established and got a lot of money
Everybody wants to be your buddy and honey
Like tall buildings they call skyscrapers
(Here comes the vapors)
Can you feel it, nothing can save ya
For this is the season for catching the vapors
And since I got time, what I'm gonna do
Is tell you how it's spreading throughout my crew
Well you all know Nate Dogg, who sings on my records
"Never Leave Me Alone", "Ain't No Fun", now check it
Back in the days before Nate Dogg began
He used to try to holler at this girl named Pam
The type of female with fly Gucci gear
She had a big herringbone with a weave in her hair
When they tried to kick it, she'd always fess
Talking about, "Baby please, you out here serving stress"
Since he wasn't no type of big chronic dealer
The homie Nate Dogg didn't appeal to her
But now he sport boots that match with his suits
Push a Lexus Coupe that's extra cute
And now she stopped fronting and wants to speak and
Be coming round the Pound every single weekend
To get his beeper number she be begging please
Dying for the day to eat these
She caught the vapors

He caught the vapors
She caught the vapors
They caught the vapors
He caught the vapors
She caught the vapors
They caught the vapors

I got a little cousin that's kinda plain
He bring the heat with the beat for the Dogg Pound gang
A mellow type of fellow that's laid back
But back in the days he wasn't nothing like that
I remember when he used to scrap every day
When my auntie would tell him he would never obey
He wore his khakis hanging down with his starks untied
And a blue and grey cap that said the Eastside
Around my neighborhood the people treated him bad
They said Daz was the worst thing his mom ever had
They said he would grow up to be nothing but a gangster
Or either in jail, or someone would shank him
But now he's grown up to their surprise
D-A-Z got a hit record slanging worldwide
Now the same people that didn't like him as a child
Bumping Dogg Food, Doggfather, and Doggystyle

He caught the vapors
She caught the vapors
They caught the vapors
He caught the vapors
She caught the vapors
They caught the vapors

I got another homie from tha L-B-C
Known to y'all as DJ Warren G
He cut, scratch, transforms with finesse
...and all that mess
I remember when we first started to rock
He tried to get this job at Calvin's Record Shop
He was in it to win it, but the boss fronted
Said "Sorry Warren G but there's no help wanted"
Now my homie Warren still tried
On and on and on til the like break of dawn
To work at tha V-I-P would be the lick
But they looked right past him so my homie straight dipped
Now for the year after Regulate
Warren G is having papers so my homie's like straight
He walked into the same record shop as before
And the boss be like "Warren, welcome to my store"
Offering him a job, but nah he don't want it
Damn it feels good to see people up on it
Cause I remember when at first they wasn't
Now guess what they caught since he busting
The vapors

He caught the vapors
She caught the vapors
They caught the vapors
He caught the vapors
She caught the vapors
They caught the vapors

Last subject of the story is about Snoop Dogg
I had to work for mine to show I was a true hog
When I was a teenager I tried to be down
But since they wasn't trying to hear me I made the Dogg Pound
I saw a crew on 2-1 street and said, "Can I be down champ?"
They said no, and treated me like a wet food stamp
After getting rejected, I ain't run off the set
I sat and wrote some Dogg doo-doo rhymes at my rest
When I used to go to parties, they'd make me wait
Would have to beg to get on the mic to set MCs straight
I ain't never love no hoes I was just into my music
They acted like I wanted to keep on hanging with the juzi
But now things switched from West to East
"Yo dog do you remember me from 21st Street, G?
We used to see Daz back in the day"
It happens all the time, so brother don't be amazed
You caught the vapors

He caught the vapors
She caught the vapors
They caught the vapors
He caught the vapors
She caught the vapors
They caught the vapors