Alright Moe-T, let's have a little fun with this one
Turn my shits up, turn my shits up!

I..........
A-a-act like that
This that bounce, clap like that
Girl how you not in the front with a back like that?
Back in the booth like boo-ya who-ya
Gonna call when I rip like this
Thug down (pop pop) when I get like this
'Cuz ain't no tellin' what I'm gonna hit
Gunnin' for the top
But I'm killin' everybody under me for the fun of it
Wake up, my wait up
Nobody I came up with touchin' me
So I drop 2-o-13 with the whole rap game
See if they want some of me
Fourth quarter, Kobe 'n shit
Jedi, I'm like Kenobi 'n shit
I know we the shit, been over this shit
I'mma take the game and bend over this shit
Took my time, mine for the taking
They broken records, I'm record breaking
You married the game, you took the bribe
I crashed the wedding, I took the bride
And the cake too, no stopping me
Only time I break is when I break through
And I'd stun these dudes
But lately I don't got shit for them boys to relate to
I'm from that murder mit
That dirty glove, that cap city
No one was at my shows unless I brought them cats with me
First show split twenty bucks with Moe-T, Q, Daggs, and me
Last show I big boy, when I left I had three stacks with me
Now who grinding like me?
Tell me who working like us?
When this show arrive in your city
Tell me who get off of that bus

For the jumpoff, jumpoff, jumpoff
Who ready for the jumpoff, jumpoff, jumpoff, jumpoff?!

To the races, back to the basics
Back to this rap shit, back to the basement
Back back way back, I'm 'bout to park with it
Back to the future, hop out the car with it
Back in the spotlight, parallel park with it
I'm-I'm out here, what's crackin'?
Rappers got that ammo clackin'
I just keep my camo saggin'
Dodgin' all the bee-bees
You were catching Zee-zee's
I was serving you like BNB
You a mix of two wack rappers
I'm a mix of me and me, shoot at me like C.O.D. or TMZ
But either way I'm blowing up like TNT
Stop that shit, it's my time, it's my time
I'm hungry and I'm eating all the emcee's like wontons
Spit 'em out on the sidelines
Give 'em pom-poms for they whole team
Get 'em all yellin' MVP
I'm like Bron Bron for the home team
Messed around got a triple-double
Timeout, we in the huddle
"Coach give me the biscuit, I'll give you the basket
Double team? Triple team? I ain't gonna pass it"
I'm an assassin, beatin' defenders then I beat the clock
Pick up your jock, pick up your jaw
Before I pick up your lady, make her my [?], make her my queen
You a pawn, I'm a king, I'm a beast of an emcee
I break even, I beat odds, don't bet against me
I could take a dead crowd, step to the mic and bless it

Then we jumpoff, jumpoff, jumpoff
Who ready for the jumpoff, jumpoff, jumpoff, jumpoff?!

My rocker, off to the doctor, I got the fever back
Kings of the old school think they got the game locked up
I got the key for that
No more guest house (we kickin' in the door)
I'm calling all my people, tell 'em (what it's hittin' for)
No more taking 'no' for an answer
We bossin' up, as if 'Familiar With Floss' wasn't floss enough
They make promises and they give you a lot of probs
But they want ten percent of me and that is not wassup
I've been workin', (workin'), workin' (workin'), workin' way too much
And this money that I'm making, this is mine, you can't touch
I'm so wavy, I'm so wavy, I'm amazing, I'm so crazy
I'll be grinding 'till I turn my Chevy Prism to a 'Cedes
I'm saying though, lately I've been laying low
But lowkey, I'm living the life I've been praying for
High lights, high beams, highways, high life, high stakes
You up in your girl's purse, she all up in my place
You told her she can't see me, she just call those blind dates
Who you really mad at? Why you up in my face?

Jumpoff, jumpoff, jumpoff
Man you better jumpoff, jumpoff, jumpoff, jumpoff