People got a lotta shit to say
Same person that was nothing yesterday's the shit today
Living in the moment
Everyone's a prisoner
Everybody's talking, nobody's a listener
Whatev's
Imma get my ass to the top, like a butthead
How could I not make money from the city of the Ducketts
They say it's luck, it's all about the timing
Well luckily, I agree, so I put the time in
Tell me that I'll never make it
Make your promises to me, I promise that you break em
I'm not even mad, people stay up on some other shit
One minute you hate it, and the next minute you're lovin' it
Keep on saying bullshit, I'll just keep on duckin' it
One day my pocket's gonna have more than buck in it
And you can suck on it and take your two cents
Haters getting so old, they can't even be a nuisance

I don't know what Pat thinks he's doin'
Does he realize that he's just a white kid from private school
And his music's wack anyway, so where's he really think he's going?
He used to be smart, now he'll end up being no one
Well, he said, she said. Me? I give zero shits
Imma fly above it all, I'm on my superhero shit
Say what you want about me
Say what you, say what you want about me

People got a lotta shit to say
Acting like they know me when they only met me yesterday and
Some old girl's got a big head
Thinking my songs are 'bout them, like they're the only chick I ever met
Get a grip, you ain't all that
I don't think about you girl, not even as a fallback. Sorry
It's just that rumors kinda get to me
Messing up good things with girls that's into me
So I just put that shit on paper, get to ventilatin'
Contemplatin', 'bout the chicks that I been datin'
I been takin' way too many ladies at their word
Maybe it's just time for me to kick 'em to the curb. Thanks
I'm an asshole? Fine. If it helps you sleep
Call me what you want, just don't call when you wanna cheat
Saying you're an angel, while you touching me and talking sweet
Saying it don't make it true, baby boo, talk is cheap

Patrick, I heard you've been talking to her behind my back?
What is that shit? You don't be with me?
I keep on hearing things, I thought I knew you better
You're a dog. Why can't you commit to me?
I don't see what more you could want
Well, he said, she said. Me? I give zero shits
Imma fly above it all, I'm on my superhero shit
Say what you want about me
Say what you, say what you want about me

People got a lotta shit to say
They want me to get my weight up, I want 'em to get away
Like do this, do that, it's the only way to make it
Some people only give advice, but don't know how to take it
Living vicariously. Thru' me
Tryna get me to the top so they can say they knew me
Shit, there's a reason I'm ahead of ya'll
I ain't let you get involved or get up in my head at all
So...
Middle finger the suggestions
No to all your questions. Too late for the veterans and sorry to the freshman
I don't got time for the Q&A
Truly I'm doing me (may), don't try to get me to LA, I'm good
If you got all the secrets boy, use 'em
But if you don't, don't take my digits boy, lose 'em
I ain't for no games, I'm not living in your lie
If you really are the man, why you all in (all in) my
Damn business?!

Packi, I'm a big fan
Look, I think you got what it takes. So here's the quick plan
Oh by the way, I rap too
Collab man! We have to
Soon as we make a track together, trust me, you'll be that dude!
Well, he said, she said. Me? I give zero shits
Imma fly above it all, I'm on my superhero shit
Say what you want about me
Say what you, say what you want about me