So this is it I guess huh
I tried to give you time, but you ain’t missin this huh
Now we’re fake friends. You think it’s magnificent
I’d rather not be friends at all cuz I don’t see the difference
I kinda wish we never tried to be together
Or even if I never met you…that’d be even better
I can’t get you outta my mind
You got me in over my head, runnin outta my time
I gotta move on, you gotta stop calling me, I gotta stop getting gone
Every time I’m faded and you call it’s like a new dawn
I wake up next to you, this shit’s been going on too long, I swear
They call, I hang up. You call, I’m there
It’s not fair…it’s not fair dang
I try to be a player but it’s your game
Scrollin through my phone, but all I can see is your name

Over and overrrrr. And over again
You get the best of me
You say it’s overrrrr. Over and over again
Why can’t you let me be

Just like that
You tell me we’re done, and I don’t fight back
What a surprise
Go ahead girl, put your makeup on, what a disguise
It don’t cover up the tear in one of your eyes
I don’t know why we don’t work
I thought it was you
Member when you said you loved me?
I thought it was true, so
Don’t stand there crying (sing)
I don’t feel no sympathy
You’re the one that messed me up
I thought we were meant to be
When [emphasis on ‘when’] you get lonely again, I hope you don’t remember me
You will tho, and I bet I fall for it
You’ll say that you need some help, and I bet I offer it
What the hell’s a guy to do
All I want is something real baby, all I got is you (you, you)

Over and overrrrr. And over again
You get the best of me
You say it’s overrrrr. Over and over again
Why can’t you let me be

This shit is crazy ain’t it ridiculous
Ain’t it insane, ain’t there a day we’re gonna sick of this?
I don’t know I must be on some other shit, what is it
It’s workin for you? If what you got is a spell, well then I’m under it
Tryna get over it. But I can’t get control of it
I need a breath of fresh air, but for some reason I just keep holdin it (loud breath!)

Over and overrrrr. And over again
You get the best of me
You say it’s overrrrr. Over and over again
Why can’t you let me be
And it’s over. Again