[Hook:]
She call me the referee cause I be so official
She call me the referee [x2]
She call me the referee cause I be so official (official, official)
She call me the referee cause I be so official
She call me the referee [x2]
She call me the referee cause I be so official (official, official)

[Verse 1: Packi]
Fu-fu-fu-funk, where my REFS at?
Lemme cook you up something hot, where's my chef's hat?
Chronic, I represent every referee Repping Everything Flawless
But boy I go the hardest
But boy I got more bars than the warden
Where's the competition? I'm dying of boredom
Gimme suggestions so I can ignore 'em
Somebody get on my level before I beat the game
I got a lead foot on the pedal, heavy steady switching lanes
What you know about it, I'm ahead of the curve
Head of the class, valedictorian
You got your head in your ass and still can't spit shit
Take your L boy and get lit
You're stuck in the sewer but can't kick shit
I rep my team, then my city to begin the climb
Then I put the mitten on like wintertime
It's dinner time to any rapper thinking he can spit a rhyme
Get in line
I'm not even painting yet boy, I'm still in my prime

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Packi]
Hold up. Squad up. Get the whip, ride up
East west what? Speck reps no side up
Central. REF shit good for your mental
Speck shit, floss shit, good for your dental
Do your thing, but that work shit? That can miss me
I ain't waiting tables but I'm steady getting tips-y
Word to the gin, or the cap, or the jack
Got your girl with a grin when I snap on a track AH
Shit, act like what you know wassup
You talking shit? Oh that's word. I just hear you discuss us
It must suck to be that lame
REFS man that be that name
Name that shit I'll beat that game
Gas me up I keep that flame that fuego
Then we turn that table
Stack that bread, build that shit, then leh go
Get those pockets looking prego
Say go it's off to the races, we don't chase it, pace it
Face it, we get wasted, take the test and ace it
Get a case and take it to the face
Because we stay sick AH

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Green Skeem]
1 of 4 Q'in the bars team doing your whore-izontally
Blowing green in my shop, green is in store
The illest team on the block, started down low now we top
It's time for winning, I'm tryna see Charlie Sheen on the watch
I'm on top see the seat I'm sitting in
You can't see or match my feet, how you fitting in?
We in the game like Madden, gotta have it
Trendy's the virus, my Johnson is Magic I have it
Shocking the world. I think I'm static
Thinking what if I ruled the world? I'm Illmatic
Flawless is a habit, I'm royalty
Now she fam floss she gotta be with that Oral B feel me?
(Daggler)
Real shit, the difference of a minute
You one minute past your face so who the fuck you kidding?
I'm Mr. Fifteen still ticking, she mad cause all the women
But she just want that angry sex she just said she was venting
With her friends right? I'm running with the glove but not the same way as OJ
I keep a bag of trees with more colors than a fall day, always
Plus a little sippy, all fades, hey
I know that life is awaiting us. You think that there's a team better?
You should enlighten us
Cause we four young dudes wilin', keep the girls smiling
Piling up, bitch don't ask what's what

[Hook]