[Verse 1: Packi]
They said I'm guilty
I Killed the game, did my time still the same
They don't know who I am but I bet they know that name its
P-A-C-K-I ain't even know they try to get me shut up, I'm like what up
To the money that I'm here to get a cut of right?
Hear a lot of hating as faking as
Wishing they could make it as lame as dudes acting like broads
Me? I be crude up
Getting in with referees, say they ready for us
And I say they better be

[Hook: Packi, Moe-T]
Tell me, what is it you feening for?
We be right in front of you so tell me what you dreaming for
Tell me, what is it you want from me?
Tell me te-tell me, that you putting on for me
Tell me, something that I wanna hear, tell me that you need me
I say that the world's ours, tell me you believe me
Tell me you ain't satisfied, were pretty fine
Say you love the boy, tell me that the city's mine

[Verse 2: Packi]
Steady getting overlooked, until the day I'm over booked
Crowd singing with me they don't even know the hook
They just get behind that artist that can start them from the bottom up
Spit a flow, rip a show, get the dough, right enough
Riding though the city I want everyone to know the crew
I prefer a cho, cause you don't know what a ho will do
Say she been with amatures, brain like a know-it-all
I give her my number now she know the protocol uh huh.
Tired of that whack shit, I'mma give you that wave set
She was lovin' my music, saw me live, and now I'm her fav
Its that flow, its that flow
They say get it boy and then go
I said no, I said no
This my city boy, this my home, true
What the hell would I do
Without the people that got me through
This point of life that I can not grow up, any second I could just blow up
Any venue I can just show up
Grab that mic and spit the best flow of
Any rapper that you know of, and give my enemies a show-up, lets go!

[Hook: Packi, Moe-T]
Tell me, what is it you feening for?
We been right in front of you so tell me what you dreaming for
Tell me, what is it you want from me?
Tell me, te-tell me, that you putting on for me
Tell me, something that I wanna hear, tell me that you need me
I say that the world's ours, tell me you believe me
Tell me you ain't satisfied, were pretty fine
Say you love the boy, tell me that the city's mine

[Verse 3: Packi]
I'm 'bout it, don't tell me you doubt it
Might not be up in the game but we got it surrounded. (surrounded)
I'm on it, tell me that you want it
My city like a stop sign, but you know we run it. (know we run it)
Cruising doin' hundred on the interstate
I won't stop until my team is eatin' off my dinner plate
22, winning like I'm 23, drinking like I'm 21, rapping like I'm gettin' 20 g's,
Uh please
Whatever though, I got it on lock-down
I ain't got a word to say to people that we not around
I be schooling them, I should have a scholarship, and if anybody got shit to say I won't acknowledge it
All about the dollar shit, I know my path, I follow it
I got this shit, I got to win, and I don't ever do the opposite
Tell me what the profit is, I'm lovin' it
Haters gonna hate, still? Swear I don't be hearing none of it

[Hook: Packi, Moe-T]
Tell me, what is it you feening for?
We be right in front of you so tell me what you dreamin' for
Tell me, what is it you want from me?
Tell me, te-tell me, that you puttin' on for me
Tell me, something that I want to hear, tell me that you need me
I say that the world's ours, tell me you believed me
Tell me you ain't satisfied were pretty fine
Say you love the boy, tell me that the city's mine