I pop the top off the drink of the night
If you’re not feeling it yet, you’re not drinkin it right
While you’re sittin there nursing it
I just took a shot, took my dude’s beat box, and threw a verse in it
Dang…we the life of the party aren’t we
Getting retardy, sippin Bacardi
Drinkin it faster, than a Ferrari
Ain’t no controlling me, what are you Ari?
What am I Vince? Maybe Lombardi
Cuz I be popping champagne like I’m winning the game
If you’re not on my team you’ll be sorry
Where does my gang go? Any residence where the dr-drinks flow
Where the fine ass choes at and the wine flows at
Everybody knows that…Girl, where your clothes at?
Oh, the wine’s kickin in, or it might be Heineken
She’s working that behind again, somebody should remind me that
I’m drunk!
Cuz I might make some bad decisions
I can’t even see straight, I might need some supervision
Wave your hand up in my face, and you won’t get no two for flinchin
Cuz I’m passed out, I’m not waking up, ain’t no point in pinchin hah

See me on the town I bet I’m faded
Don’t hear my song at the club? They already played it
I-i-i-im feeling type nice
Drinks on the house, that’s the right price so
Gimme four of those, more dough to blow
And a couple more forties okay
I…Dr-dr-drink it like there’s no tomorrow
Ain’t no need to get the shot glasses, I drink it from the bottle ah!
Straight from the bottle ah! Straight from the bottle ah!
Straight from the bottle. To the bottom of the bottle.

Act like you don’t know, how I got so throwed
I’m faded off the soco or it could be the 4 Lokos tho
Good thing I’m 21 now so the popo’s not gon get me
All I see is hoe hoe hoe’s, but they’re not sliding down the chimney
What is up with these, up with these, uppity choes
That are lookin for company
The night is y-y-young, and I ain’t done drinkin bottles of bubbly
By the time I am, any ugly girls’ll be lookin like at least 8’s
And they’re tryna get on, but since I’m a G
All they’re getting is a gee thanks
Back to my free dranks, I think I’m ready for another round
I do the homerun, give her the runaround
She could give another dude brain, let him dumb her down
Old thirsty chick, I’m thirsty too, but for this liqour
You been lookin at that drink, so long, you got, a mental pic-ture
Drink it uuup, and pass it, throw it back like it’s classic
Then throw it up like it’s nasty, we’re countin rounds like draftees
Don’t ask me if I’m hamskied, I drink whatever I damn please,
I’m tryna find my damn keys, I’m drunk

See me on the town I bet I’m faded
Don’t hear my song at the club? They already played it
I-i-i-im feeling type nice
Drinks on the house, that’s the right price so
Gimme four of those, more dough to blow
And a couple more forties okay
I…Dr-dr-drink it like there’s no tomorrow
Ain’t no need to get the shot glasses, I drink it from the bottle ah!
Straight from the bottle ah! Straight from the bottle ah!
Straight from the bottle. To the bottom of the bottle.