Ay, we're just ridin round mean muggin old folks you know?
Stayin strapped...got the AK with the (scopin it)
Sike! It's the Speck dummy!

We be
Rollin, real slow n, got no clue where we goin
2 in the afternoon, but you can't tell me it's not morning
Faded still faded from last night, but we made it
We MJ and Pippen, Moe-T is whippin, cuz I been sippin
Damn, I don't waste no time huh
I see you lookin mama you a bad bitch
I'mma call you karma
And see if you come back around and hop in my car ma
I think you bout it bout it, I think you like you a rhyma
I stole the dictionary I got a way with words
That's how I got my girl, and I got away with yours...uh
Now they're both chillin in the back seat
While you're tweakin out, yellin, "where's Packi?!"

[Hook:]
Whippin round town, lookin out my window [x3]
Whippin, whippin, whippin, whippin
Whip so rowdy, whip so loud
Whip so full, the whip's sold out
Whip so smooth, with the whip slowed down

Ay girl...my boy's got a '09 Malibu. What does that do for ya?
Huh? What about Moe's Camry? What about you, your friend, AND me?
Haha damn
Man this some funny shit
Chillin with the crew and some honey dips
And we be...

We be
Wilin, freestylin, the whip's on autopilot
My kicks are out the window, your kick's are outta style it
Sucks you don't know what's hood
But that's okay it's all good
I know you're self-conscious, so you don't stare long
But I wish yall would
Yeah I wish yall would, why you think I play my shit so loud
Puttin on a show in the car. You would think that the whip sold out
My intentions are good, my decisions are poor
Boy I'm the attention, your girl's an attention whore
Man, why you so damn surious
I'm clownin, act like you know
Man, why you so damn curious
You ain't never seen my crew before?
Hahahaha, another day and not a dollar
Just patrolin in my squad's car, windows down so we can holler

[Hook]

Ay girl...tryna let me holler?
Don't you see me in Dub's Impala?
Or I could be in E's whip
With the murked out wheels
Even though we could be in the Eclipse
Shit maybe I'm Skeemin in Pipteen
With Dish lookin for Q, have ya seen him?
Have you seen him? If you see him...tell him we be

We be
Livin it up, I got room for you girl, get in the front
These girls say, they done tryn, so they givin it up
And these girls ain't blind, so they give it to us
Floss over whatever, like hell yeah
You don't know the crew, your girl'll tell ya
We're out here scopin it, windows down
If the doors ain't open. It's over
I'm what's hot, why the hell you so-brr
Get a drink in your system. Dang
Lookin for your girlsJust missed em. ray
And I'm outro, kiss my A to the S-S
With a little excess bass in the whip
And a lotta double takes on the whip
Bombay, OJ, and a case in the whip
Oh that's why everybody chasin the whip? hot...damn
Nothing like it
That's a hot line, but your boy's not psychic
Stayin with a sidekick, never ride solo
Never go too fast, tell him go slo-mo
Get it? Dome out the moon roof, De-troit fitted
Got the-got the head noddin, seesaw with it
Cuz the beats all legit, and she's all with it
Shiiiit I guess that complete's all of it

[Hook]