I...
I feel like a mouth facilitating the language constructed by the mind of depression
A vocal confirmation that I have diluted my ambition to accommodate my aggression

Watered down prayer requests to a sky painted blue, like the ocean of my heart
Settled for what I detest to a lie that the truth kept us apart
With a sea between hope and me, I lack the ability to figure out where to start
Letting fear sit in the drivers seat to a hearse to comfort me as I drive back to insanity

Disconnected from the discontent strategies de-straddled the child inside of me
Feeding greens to the the malnourished spirit I identified myself as
A heart of glass, fragile enough to break, but once put on display, it doesn't hurt so bad

Cause sometimes, I felt sick. I felt poisoned. But other moments, I was asleep...
It was a day I felt chosen, but through self torment; I was knee deep in a sinking sand called grief
Feeling let down by my poor decisions, I felt in eternity without you, was one not worth living?
I hope to someday have the faith to believe in God as much as he believes in me

I hope to someday have the faith to believe in God as much as he believes in me...

After years of feeling inadequate to the bars set by those superior to me, I found strength, but not in the place I was looking
Investing monetary value into the half-truth of the pharmaceuticals being quiet, a ghost
I finally became accepting of myself as part of the solution, no more of that pointless appointment booking

I surrendered control to the heart inside of me and let my passion drive until I was done completely
Done completely out of the hole, gained back control, saved from the cold, feeling back home
Or maybe feeling home for the first time

Because for the first time in a long time, I felt alive. I felt the ability to strive
I felt like there were odds stacked for me, and love was on my side

Everybody has the strength to do great things as long as we don't compromise for a world of things
Darling, you deserve so much more than what this world has given you; I promise it's true
And if you see through it, you can do anything, anything you set your heart to

I've been at the lowest point beyond anything I ever did foresee
And with the power of love and ambition, I found myself back into a place of peace
And you are deserving of authenticity and legitimacy and the riveting awakening that can only be found through the love and defeat of a beautiful king
No tyranny, no family holding you together as the wounds heal

You are deserving of so much more than what this world has offered.
You are deserving of so much more than what this world has offered...

You deserve the love of a beautiful king...