What's the point?
Can your so called honesty predict revelations?
This trigonometry repeals all my innovation.
The angles set had no equation.
A triangle makes sense, but our parallel lines never intersected.
Our love was a geometric oddity at best,
Something we would hate to love,
But yearn to detest.
I hoped it wouldn't last, but I never wanted it to end.
Hopefulness came in a pretty package,
And, oh my God, I wanted to open it.
You were like a letter sent to me from the world
And one of these days, I'm going to see what it holds
I can just imagine the stress being torn open with that envelope.
But if you can hear me, next time send a postcard,
Something that doesn't need to be concealed,
So I can see your words for face value,
Scribbled out on the back of a place I wish I was, with you.
This hopefulness was still in the cards,
And I fought the fact that it was going to be hard,
But I never was superstitious enough to believe in fate anyway.
Or luck, for that matter...
Or hope, I suppose.
Disappointment has become a revolving door.
You never ripped out my heart, but you ripped out my core.
I remember that night, that minute,
You said, "No one can ever replace you."
Well darling, someone is bound to.
And when you walked away, I found a different suitor to take your place.
Her name is loneliness and she kept comfortable.
She often speaks, but she is not very audible.
Her voice sounds like a windowsill cracking,
Sometimes a door blowing open, dancing with the breeze,
As I'm falling on my knees, broken
But when she usually speaks,
She comes as a ghost putting coals on my back as I sleep
Burning holes in my flesh as I try to dream,
Warming up my spine and making me afraid of the heat.
And that's a ghost I want to be
I was dead set on a dead bet that put all hope to bed
Revenge, or just to avenge the red half-baked love that burnt at both ends
Pretend? no, but still not real
If love exists, then I guess it doesn't know how to feel
Or am I supposed to feel it?
How can I show love to her,
When can't feel it?
How am I supposed to show love to the world
When I don't believe in it?
I don't know what love looks like.
As I close my eyes every night,
I'm ready to breathe, I'm ready to believe,
I'm ready to be alive,
Just show me what love looks like,
Because you are love and I'm alive.