I would rather live in pain than live in vain and in this way I don't know if anything will change, but at least I know who I am in this game that we play.
Even though sometimes I don't know if it's even worth trying to get things to stay, but I've spent so long trying to let go that I just want a change of pace, because I used to chase after home, but now I'm afraid of that place because every time I stay I become static and I become afraid.
Because sometimes I feel like I'm standing alone, but sometimes I feel like only the low road will lead me home, but I will do whatever it takes to stay away from being another drone because the further away I chase my demons away I feel like it's the chase that brings them so close. 

And today is today and that's all that will be remembered when life comes back and breathes into my bones in this cycles of living where I feel like all I love is all I lack and all I have is not my own, so I just continue to let go.
And this mirror reminds of the worth I kept hidden in alleyways on cold days and nights of trying to feel alive, trying to pretend that nothing happens when no one turns on the light and I know that's not true, but I will believe it when I close my eyes because it's easier than trying to make things right. 

And I feel that the dark is inside of me shaking my knees trying to release this weight that needs to be set free, so release me, break my back and let me bleed I don't want to lose myself but It would be okay if I lost part of me, because we all just want to be set free. 

Set me free and watch me bleed (I don't want to lose myself, but it would be okay if I lost part of me) watch me bleed, I've been holding in this breathe for far too long and it isn't freedom until it is released (so please release me) so set me free and watch me bleed because I don't want to lose myself, so set me free and watch me bleed because I don't want to lose myself.

I know what I want; we all fight for what we want, even though it's not always what we need.
And we're all in this together; we all share the some blood it's just that some of us are afraid to bleed.
So the dark leaps out from us and into our streets, we get so isolated from it becomes a part of all that we can see.
And even when we fall asleep we can feel these nightmares infecting our dreams, but when life comes into the darkness, the darkness can't understand what it seems and I would like to think that the more I grow with you it's the more the darkness can't understand me.
I'd like to think that as I grow the darkness can't even see me.