This, HDFW bass to Chocolate Starfish, read, over 

Chocolate Starfish, reading, over 

Your mission, universal communication 
Was your mission completed? 

Affirmative 
Permission to terminate 

Permission granted 

Bring it ooooon 

Featuring: Ben Stiller 

Jesus, ooooh. 
I can put a Z in my name. 
I'm bad. 
I'm never gonna move out of Jacksonville. 
I'm livin' in fucken' Hollywood. 
You know this is my first uh rock slash rap album. 
So, it's kind of new for me. 
The whole pop world. 
This is a phat beat, by the way. 
And I'm talkin' P.H. phat. 
Thank you uh, to uh, DJ Lethal. 
For this phat beat. 
Did you grow up with DJ Lethal, Fred? 
And did you call him DJ Lethal when you were kids? 
That's what his momma named him huh? 
Oooh, little DJ Lethal. 
Can't mess with Limp Bizkit. 
Cause we get it on every day and every night. 
So, back it up, you know what I'm saying? 

[Fred:] You don't like Limp Bizkit? 

No no no, I think Limp Bizkit is great man! 

[Fred:] What do you like about us? 

Um, I like that you're so fucken' out there 
with your message. You know, shut the fuck 
up man! Watch out mom! Big bad rock star! 

[Fred:] Are you serious? 

Ooh, I can slash your ass with a chainsaw. 
No, I'm just saying the message of being able 
to slash someones ass, that's a good message 
to put out there. 
And with a chainsaw, we're gonna get it down raw. 
Or whatever, you know what I'm talking about? 
You know what I'm talking about right? 

[Fred:] So obviously, you really don't, you're 
not down with the Bizkit 

No no I'm limpin' with the bizkit. I'm totally 
limpin' with the bizkit man. I am limpin' with 
the bizkit. Totally. 

[Fred:] And would you pay, are you gonna pay money 
to listen to this record? 

This record? Which one, this one, you mean Chocolate 
Starfish and the Hotdog Flavored Water? 
So yeah, cut the beat and let's start this shit up, ok? 
Come on, shut the fuck up, and start this shit up 
It's all crazy thrash, punk, pop, metal to you. 
But it's somewhere out there in the... 
You know, up there with Rod Stewart and uh... 
Rod Stewart, is the Bizkit man. 
I mean I'm talkin', when you're limpin' with the Bizkit, 
you're talkin' about the major groups in rock 'n roll. 
Who else could take rap, hip-hop, thrash punk metal. 
Take it, throw it in the can, spin it around 
and, come out with something that wasn't fertilizer? 
And it was the Bizkit, the Limp Bizkit man. 
And when they came on the scene, I don't care what you say 
Counterfeit blew the fucken' people down town