Ayup
Cause I got too much to lose to play checkers
So I play chess
Haven't took my last piece, not yet
You win a battle, watch me win a war
Bet it till my underdrawers
Watch me do some shit nobody's ever done before
Bro, follow my moves
I paid every invoice, paid all of my dues
Plus the product quality too
My word more bond than James
Authority my penmanship
Short term consequence for long term benefit
I'm just trying to be better than yesterday
Better than they estimate
Cheddar from my escapades
Competitor to every name
John Lennon to Eminem
Eddie Vedder to Etta James
Bro, this is not an accident
I'm practicing to turn it to a ring
I'm tryna take a pawn and maybe turn it to a king
You should pay attention, maybe you could learn a thing
I called up my future and my future went cha-ching
Stop playing checkers, think about the past
Worried bout others, you need to look in mirrored glass
And see if you can trust the fuckin' person looking back
And be three moves ahead of that cat, now that's the test, man

So what you playing, checkers or chess?
You striving for more or you settle for less?
Checkers is for kids, this is a grown-up thing
Do you hate it that I made it from a pawn to a king?
So what you playing, checkers or chess?
You striving for more or you settle for less?
You trying to whisper or you trying to sing?
Do you hate it that I made it from a pawn to a king?

You argue with the village idiot in Twitter beef
You focused on a single note and never wrote a symphony
I'll make a tear like the filter in the pool
I'll put it down until my crown round, gilded and bejewled
You didn't plot, you got the vision like a pigeon got
You short-sighted like a ticket from a midget cop
You got excuses like pain got bruises
Like the game got name drops and Maine got mooses
I'd pass you the ball but you'd stall like a restroom
That [?] chess moves since I was a test tube
Born a pawn but I been on a mission
Staring in the mirror at my only competition
Knowing you could have the money stacked like vocals in the chorus
But be too into the trees that you didn't see the forest
You're like, kid sisters, fake imposters
Ignore the big picture like you, hate the Oscars, but
We can't save everyone, can we?
Playing checkers not good for your family
You should quit, I second that
This is not a checkers match
I record, then export, from my chessboard

So what you playing, checkers or chess?
You striving for more or you settle for less?
Checkers is for kids, this is a grown-up thing
Do you hate it that I made it from a pawn to a king?
So what you playing, checkers or chess?
You striving for more or you settle for less?
You trying to whisper or you trying to sing?
Do you hate it that I made it from a pawn to a king?

Yeah, that king shit
[?]
Hands in the sky
Now kiss the fuckin' ring
Whatchu playing?
I sacrifice my knights to keep my king upon the board
Good luck with your life
Nah seriously, good luck man