Until they put my face on a million dollar bill!

[Verse 1:]
Until I got swamp-ass, 
Campin' In my Levi's working,
In the moonlight, silhouetted, Tryna get it perfect
In a lab coat beakers overflowin', I'm determined,
Flickers on the wet walls, candle wax burnin'
In the catacomb cellar
Writin' tighter than a virgin
Loose leaf-Einstein, wrote in broken German
Immersed in my work, servants in the hall
Too nervous to disturb him he might turn into a jerk
I got the shortest fuse
But the fortitude, to prove 
I made it concentrated like I'm orange juice
Until they've all discovered em, or I'm bald and bumbling
I will scrawl on these walls, keep my cauldron bubbling
I shriek Eureka in the night and it echoes in the hills
When I think, ink trembles in the quills
Resilliant, 'til I'm the one civilians want to kill
Until they put my face on a million dollar bill!

[Hook:]
So mom, I promise, I'm gonna be large!
So mom, I promise, I'm gonna be large!
So mom, I promise, I'm gonna be large!
Someday, I'mma stop tryna borrow your car!
So mom, I promise, I'm gonna be large!
So mom, I promise, I'm gonna be large!
So mom, I promise, I'm gonna be large!
Until they put my face on a million dollar bill!

[Verse 2:]
I told my boss this morning I'm not gonna be back
So I won't need the shifts that I normally have
My only source of income is gonna be rap
Because I want it like women don't wanna be fat
My mom can keep her car, I would normally ask
But I'm gonna turn my normal into Porsches and cash
With disproportionate portions of populations of people
Partaking proudly in the practice of pushing my tracks
(Humongous)
I was lookin' obese, flippin' through photographs
Laughin' at the old me, wallet full of cheese
Stuffed like pierogies, raviolis
Dictionaries addin' words like Sposey
or bimpin' or DYD, 
until villages of children wanna be like me
Until I got crowns, and whole towns to leave in my will, 
Until they put my face on a million dollar bill!

[Hook:]

[Verse 3:]
There are some cats who say
That I've already done enough
I say fuck that, I haven't even made a million bucks!
I would rather kick the bucket than slum it with runners up
So I'm jizzin' on your shingles, still I'm coming up
Until I'm bigger than Jesus, bigger than wrestling,
Bigger than Bieber, bigger than sexting, 
Bigger than the Internet and cigarettes combined
You can doubt it in your mind but I'm sure of it in mine!
God dammit rhyme divine borderline messy antic
All humility aside, the illest on the planet
If I didn't think that, I wouldn't keep rantin'
Stay Sharpe like Shannon 'til the day that I vanish
I'm a man with a canvas, plans outlandish
More bread than a club sandwich
I got no ambulance blarin', I'm just sharin' my skills 
Until they put my face on a million dollar bill!

[Hook:]

[Outro:]
On a million dollar bill
Million-Million dollar bill
On a million dollar, million dollar, million dollar bill!