[Intro:]
I-I'm Peter Sparker, Spiderman S-Sent me
He does know Spiderman, he's cool!
Knowing Spiderman does NOT make him cool!

I'm the broke moocher you don't wanna wake up with
But on mics? I'm realer than some a-cup tits
It's like I found out the weed was my first cousin
Cuz after I get it, we break up quick
They say I don't measure up I got more lines than a yard stick
and you're just trying to make out with a whip you're a car kiss (carcass)
1, 2, 3 I went to preschool
Tell me what's new to brag about so I can be cool
I lay lower than the bassline's dealer
cuz the humbugs numb in their great-rhyme-feelers
You can play "Who's Snapback's Tealer"
I'm just trying to put it into words.
You should get some v-necks some kleenex
You all look crestfallen get back to yes y'all-in'
Still hungry as a kid I wasn't fed right
My clique's so ill I'm browsing hospital websites
Click.

[Chorus:]
I'm going ham I don't think that you noticed
Cuz there's so much bologna all over the focus
Yo… a couple more "yo"s
I'm going spam I don't think that you noticed
Cuz you got salami all over the camera

Delete your Faceobok to it
My peeps' teeth are looking like the Bruins':
black and yellow:
I been revered by a jury of my peers cuz I rapped like I'm under oath my whole career
It's not a novelty or comedy because I'm into honesty and modesty and never did a robbery

Hmmm… You got the clip that goes boom?
How many cyllinders in it when your whip goes vroom? (vroom)
Because I could give a fuckin' fuck
I'm overseas with my speech like beach cover-ups (uh)
To you rhymers that are lying saying nothing much
To you vaginas I'm a c-section, I'm a cut above

I open up a beer, check my Gmail, treat beats like a cheap version of a therapist
I've had it up to "hear" like a sea sell, crumbs of the cannabis on a can of Sierra Mist
Please! My rap steez different
I got guitars "whaling" like a Japanese fisherman
Plus I got all my words pronounced
I'm no pretender a defender of the herbs and clowns
I put it down

Actually, you put the mic down!

[Chorus]