[?]
Don't give up
The Lord is on my side

Take my name in vain in Maine, that's ill-advised
Lyrically, I'll kill a guy
Speezus, I'm like Jesus, but I'm still alive
See me walking with the poor and the weak who I hope to heal
The word of God is how my vocals feel
So when I pull up in the city and they got their hands up with me
Got my tour van feeling like the popemobile
I think I seen the light
My mother, Mary, gave birth to me, I'm not leaving
Devil, not tonight
Even if I get crucified, might have to die for my teachings
But I'll be resurrected when the headphones get connected
'Cause my catalog is longer than the snake up in the Garden of Eden
The new testament is never getting deleted
Everybody bow your heads, let's pray
Please Lord, give us more science
Please let us learn lessons, let us see blessings
Give us Heaven without dying (Please Lord, hallelujah!)
This is Heaven right here, that is what I teach
God and the Devil fighting inside you and me
While the choir sing along to the beat
I protect you till the end, Speezus in it, amen

Let me give you salvation, if you need it
Get the weak and weary, go and bring 'em near me, bring 'em all to Speezus
Even if they don't get drunk, even if they don't smoke trees
Even if they don't do drugs, I'ma take 'em up high with me

Man, you know I built the ark out nothing, let me save us all
I make believers out of Mary, Joseph, David and Paul
We felt small at the giant wall thought we couldn't make it
Godforsaken, built a ladder that was Jacob tall
You been in Heaven since birth, this miracle of Earth
Shit, it isn't really that bad
I pull up like skrrt and they waiting in the church
Just to hear me for my 9 o'clock mass
My friends we made it!
From a peasant to a preacher, now a prophet
My friends we made it!
From the garbage to the garden with my gospel
If they doubted yours: 40 days, 40 nights, thru all the storms
Locusts came, all the swarms, savior came, Celtics hat, crown of thorns
And he said

Let me give you salvation, if you need it
Get the weak and weary, go and bring 'em near me, bring 'em all to Speezus
Even if they don't get drunk, even if they don't smoke tree
Even if they don't do drugs, I'ma take 'em up high with me

Sometimes, I feel like I'm preaching to the choir
I spit another sermon
And all the same persons in the pews all said that it was fire
They said, "Preacher, can we get much higher?"
I told 'em, "Look my friends, I'm tired
'Cause I been aiming for the canopy and sacrificing sanity"
Since it was fantasy, like Mariah
But I'm walking with this salvation Army
And they broke me off their holy bread like a church bagel, lift me up
I been baptized in fans' sweat at the merch table, hallelujah
But these psalms reach those converted - these 10,000
So everybody leave the church now and your work robes to tell your friends about it

And let 'em know I'll give 'em salvation, if you need it
Get the weak and weary, go and bring 'em near me, bring 'em all to Speezus
Even if they don't get drunk, even if they don't smoke tree
Even if they don't do drugs, I'ma take 'em up high with me

Daddy, can I, can you give me, can I, can we listen...?
Da da da da, piñata
Da da da da, piñata
Oh you wanna listen to "Piñata?"
There's daddy!
There he is
Daddy, you have a big beard
Yeah, I do in that one, it's kinda gross
Yeah
Where's baby Ivy? 
You wanna see you?
Yeah, baby Ivy
Ah, baby Ivy!