[Spose:]
I slide a hundred 'cross the bar, order PBRs
The bartender slides it back
Says, "I'm a fan, Spizz, your drinks are on me"
I said, "You're the man!"
He said, "You're the man!"
Dapped him up
Funny how it happens, huh?
Now that being broke's history
Everybody giving free shit to me
Like last week, I'm at Olive Garden
Wine bottles on tablecloths
Balling out like tea baggin'
I'm paid, I copped Alfredo sauce
The manager comes up
Says, "Spose, we love all your stuff, it's on the house"
I said, "No doubt, that's dope"
But where was this shit when I was broke?
Could've used a free meal back in 2006
When I only came here January every year
With my Christmas gift certificates
Now that the money's stacked up
Everybody wanna hook it up
'Cause ever since I started making money off music
It's like I don't even have to use it
Everybody give me free shit
They covered my whole dinner at the oyster barb
But back in the day in '08
I was scrapping by an eighth [?] coinstar
It's a paradox, like two wharfs
'Cause now I got my own cheese
But the price tags all disappeared
Like evidence against police
Man, I used to have to shop at GoodWill (Bro)
But now that my music make a profit (Dope)
Everybody give me free shirts, free hoodies when I see 'em
Now I need another closet
I appreciate it, everybody when they see me
They give me free weed to smoke

[Spose & Dave Gutter:]
But where was this shit when I was broke?
I could've used it back in the day
Before I signed a record deal, before I got paid
Back when I was struggling with overdraft fees
That's when I needed shit for free
Back when I was broke

[Spose:]
I'm so stoked that I got paid off my talent
So I walk up to the bar again, this time for some McCallan
But this dude steps up in my face
He's like, "Oh my God, Spose? No way!
Bro, Spose, put your money away, I'm buying you a drink"
"Dude, I can afford to buy my own drink now, like I have money now"
Got me all red in the mood ring
But then he buys it anyway, now I got two drinks
Dude, how am I even supposed to do things?
Had to put my phone down, unlock it with my nose now
Shit's pretty good out in Spose Town
The difference from my old life's profound
Like I used to buy trees from Mike V
And there was one whole month that he didn't like me
'Cause I owed him $30 for an eighth for like three weeks
If I was that broke [?] give me free weed
I used to struggle, now I got it really easy
I can afford it, you should give it to the needy
You know who needs free shit?
Man, the old me who couldn't cop an ounce
Hopping out the Oldsmobile
To work a nine hour shift at the Lobster Pound
Like why don't we give free shit
To the people in their hard days?
It don't make sense
Like you got wrinkly dollars at the arcade
I could've used a beer in 2009
When I was on unemployment
Before I was the shit
Before I had to pay for rolled up like the one by toilet
If it was 2006
And you came and robbed me at gunpoint
You'd probably get two dollars, seven cents
And enough weed for rolling up one joint
But now my life is dope
Everybody give me free shit, I'm stoked
But all I wanna know...

[Spose & Dave Gutter:]
Is where was this shit when I was broke?
I could've used it back in the day
Before I signed a record deal, before I got paid
Back when I was struggling with overdraft fees
That's when I needed shit for free
Back when I was broke
When I was living at my mama's house
Or sleeping on Melanie's couch
That's when I needed some handouts
Back when I was broke

[Dave Gutter:]
Where were you back when I needed you?
Where were you back when I needed you?
(Broke, broke, broke)
Where were you back when I needed you?
(Where was this shit when I was broke?)
Back in the day
Where were you back when I needed you?
Could've used it back in the day
Before I signed a record deal, before I got paid
Then, I was struggling with overdraft fees
(Where was this shit when I was broke?)