[Intro:]
That's some FUCKED UP shit man
I'm fightin for my motherfuckin life
I'm sittin here all this time over some dumb shit?
These bitches out to kill me, they ain't playin!
I ain't talkin 'bout no niggaz either
I'm talkin 'bout the motherfucker pigs
FUCK it, let's GO!

What would be the reason for me to jump out of the whip
and run up on a motherfucker with a 50-round clip
and cake him in the back of his head four or five times?
His brain matter was scattered, plastered out of his mind
His sister, got on the stand and told that, mouthful of lies
And steady, pointin the finger but wouldn't look me in my eyes
Not ONCE, did this bitch even acknowledge the real
I was in my truck at the corner when her brother was killed
Nowhere near the scene, I'm clean far as murder's concerned
But they after me, I see, with a warrant to serve
A conviction never the issue, y'all guineas[?] after some tissue
She after me for the money; her nose snottin and runny
This overreactin hoodrat lacin 'em with them lies
Assistant to district attorney chargin, I'm facin life
I done turned myself in, with no reason to run
I ain't murdered a damn thing so FUCK yo' M-1!

[Chorus: repeat 2X]
You can't get me, tryin to convict me
But you can't stick me with an M-1
Prosecution against me, cops wanna clip me
Judge is against me, I'm the wrong one

This got to be the most, sickenin situation, fightin this murder case and
Gotta be strong and patient, look at the time I'm facin
Get it outta my face, don't even think of offerin me a cop
180 years? You got to stop!
You got to be shamed for wastin my time
How 'bout pinnin this on the person who committed this crime?
I was taught, swallow yo' own, mashin when you wrong
When people can't get along, leave 'em the fuck alone
Speakin of people that thinkin that people is evil
He stuck around for the fight and SHOT him in broad daylight
Can't imagine havin to do LIFE, for somethin I've seen
But I'm only bein rebellious if you know what I mean
I ain't speakin to y'all dawg, that's all they finna get
Tryin to get me to give a statement, give me a cigarette!
Give me fifty ki's of raw for tellin you what I saw
A hundred dollars a gram then murder won't give a damn

[Chorus]

Now I'm 'bout sick of this motherfuckin ridiculous shit that I keep on hearin
All these notions and these motherfuckin hearings
The prosecution's a idiot, my record's enticin
It wasn't no better than the court appointed, I'm tryin to prove a POINT
that I wasn't the shooter and the photographs of the victim that you keep showin
ain't movin and I ain't know him
What happened I get a check from rappin and NOT from bein a cop
I never LIKED you motherfucker so STOP!
Fuck the police, and yo' investigation
His way of intimidation was more like a presentation of LIES
I see it off in his eyes, he after my soul
But I'll never give it away to you bitches and hoes
Instead of killin these niggaz we need to look at the bigger picture
Get to pop us a month or just maybe order some coffins
and bury us motherfuckers, that's puttin in work
Just to bust 'em in the back of the head, dick in the dirt
C'mon!

[Chorus]

[Outro:]
Still ain't got nothin for you bitches!
I beat that shit bitch
Wonderboy