[Intro: Twista]
Oh you didn't think we can do it again...?
Twista...
Kanye West...
From Po pimpin' to Poppin' tags...
From champions to Slow Jamz...
Oh baby...
We can even make you an overnight celebrity...
Know what I'm sayin'?

[Chorus: Kanye West]
(Why don't we...)
Play somethin' these hoes'll like
Drive whips I know they like
Twista you told 'em right...
[Twista] I can make you a celebrity overnight...
Give you ice like Kobe wife...
We sort of like goldie right...
the way we mold 'em right...
[Twista] I can make you a celebrity overnight...

[Twista]
Girl, I see you in them apple bottom jeans, chinchilla on your back I wanna know your name,
Girl, I'm Twista, I can throw your brain, put you in the chameleon 04 range,
Still sexy when you smoke that flame, jerkin' like a chicken when you throw that thing,
She got me hotter than an oven the way that she talk, switchin' and freaky, so I'm lovin' the way that she walks,
You're lookin' good, girl, you ought to be in pictures... Listen to me, I see your career's goin' sky high,
Takin' you home to the crib in the Chi, and everytime I see your thighs I cry when I drive by,
Watch it, you should bring a thrill, got the fellows on some Johnny Gills steady screaming "My, my, my, my,"
Walking the carpet with the diamonds that flick in the dark, kickin' it on the couch and 106 & Park,
I can see your beauty on a big screen... I can see me freakin' you with whip cream...
I can see you on stage at the awards, with a dress better then Jennifer's and doin' big things,
Kick it with me, I can mold your life, you're lookin' good, girl, show you right,
Dre told me you're the prototype, I can make you a celebrity overnight...

[Chorus]

[Twista]
You want fame, you can take that path, candle lights when you take a bath,
You got such a sensational ass, I'm gonna get you Jimmy Choo and Marc Jacobs bags,
I could cop her a tow thousand and three, make her smile when she sees Sprees,
I can get you on CD's and DVD's, take you to BB's in BCB-G,
I could get you into places, to be into the people I know'll show you things to get into,
I wanna be your lover and your confidant and protect you from others, don't let another brother pimp you,
If you want the style you could with you girl, you all take a look at her she got such an astonishin' body,
I could see you in some Gucci, Roberto Cavalli and I bet she's gonna put a hurt on 'em hard in the party,
And you know you kill 'em in the club, you cold, you was born to be a pro, how you're gonna stick to photos?
And I love you 'cause you're freaky with the door closed, drop it to the floor let that go when you roll slow,
And I love it when I hit it from the back and you get on top of me and have a brother goin "Oh, oh"
Girl, I love how you roll me right, I can make you a celebrity overnight...

[Chorus]
Over Night Celebrity

[Interlude: Twista]
See...
See baby girl...
You see how you make a brother break down?
I just gotta ask you...
What you need?
What you need from me?
Oh, you wanna be a star?
Oh, you're messin' with the right one...
I can take you there...
I can make sure you got all the finest things...
Let me be your manager...

[Twista]
Come here, girl, I can see you're bored, take you to the queen that I see you for,
Take you shoppin' on Sprees in stores, I'm gonna get you to the MTV awards,
We're about to do a show tonight, you're lookin' good girl, show you right,
Take you places, I know you like, I can make you a celebrity overnight,
Come here, girl, you can hang if you're bored, we can do plenty things plus more,
I'm about to have you changin' in stores, I can even get you to the Soul Train Awards,
We're about to do a show tonight, you're lookin' good girl, show you right,
Take you places, I know you like, I can make you a celebrity overnight...