[Intro: R. Kelly]
Uhh, uhh (uh-huh) uhh
Yeah, this is for all the sexy ladies out there
Uhh.. walking around downtown
Shopping at the malls, yeah
.. I see you in your sexy jeans
Manicure, pedicure mamis
Your hair is good, yeah, I see you

[Chorus: R. Kelly]
LADIES! (You're.. so.. se-xy) So sexy
(Per-fect.. for.. me) And I like you
(You're.. so.. se-xy) So sexy
(Per-fect.. for.. me) And this is for

[Verse One: Twista]
My ladies that be steady sipping Cris'
Always looking nice, put some ice on they belly or they wrist
Girls that be thick off in they thigh, I wanna kick it in the Chi
They're gonna be fucking with some Kelly and the Twist'
Baby now look, model girls, Gucci and Prada girls
and all the ghetto divas in the hood
Women that be steady stacking ends
rolling Lexus or Benz with rims and know how to keep it looking good
Go on with you fine thick ass
Somebody's gonna snatch you so I gotta make you mine quick fast
See I come and pass, I don't really wanna wonder
so I gotta put her numbers on my sidekick fast
Rolling with you mob working hard, getting money, pulling capers
If I ain't got papers you will bring me some beans home
Supervisor giving orders on the job
but you still looking good with them skin-tight jeans on
Looking hot in them heels, I think I want that
Come and back it up to the bottom of my throwback
With you rolling yoor rims looking like a Kodak
Watch I drive I wanna smoke, she will roll that
Miss mobstress rolling with the hardest
Holding it down like a female Joe Pesci
And I wanna make her a made woman
and I hope she gonna let me, 'cause she looks so sexy

[Interlude: R. Kelly]
OHH!  And this is for them girls that be wanting - the D
And this is for them girls that be loving - the D
And this is for them girls that be riding - the D
The ones that like to keep the D up inside 'em now
So many girls off up in the mall boy a nigga be in the club (ohh!)
Soon as one of them walk by me and I be like, "Yo what's up?"

[Chorus]

[Verse Two: R. Kelly]
All the shrimp and lobster honeys, downtown shopping honeys
Staying on the grind, gotcha own car and crib honeys
Dro puffers, Remi sippers, V.I.P. real honeys
No dummies, taking no shit from a nigga that's full of shit honeys

[Interlude]

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Twista]
Me and my clique was - rolling thick on 24's on a dirty lick
Met a chick, looking fine and her measures was
36-24-36, come here shorty
Ain't no reason to be scared of us
Loving how you do your own thang
And how you smoking on your own flame
Looking finer than a girl that be grooving on Soul Train
I try to to hit her with some cold game
I hope she - feel me; try to holla at a shorty
Get a better vibe wit her while I'm sipping on my - Henny
I wanna kiss her on her body
but I gotta make her holla while I'm giving her - the D
Gotta really love a girl
They know to kick it but she know she gotta make that - money
Going shopping for the minks and the leather
but come back and bounce that ass - for me
My East coast girls, that's what's up
Tell my Southside shorties we can get it crunk
My Cali girl make it bounce like a six-four
My Chi girl bust down, make it straight buck
When I see up all the girls that get down for hers
I gotta get up wit her if she gonna' let me
Career woman with some goals, fuck the broke-ass hoes
Baby girl cause you look so sexy

[Interlude]

[Chorus]