Now when I touch on yo body babe, 
(touch on yo body) 
And when I grab on yo body babe 
(when I grab on yo body babe) 
When I feel on yo body babe, 
(when I feel on yo body babe), I say (ooh) hellyeah. 

Can i, re introduce myself for the city of the chi,
West side aint it mayne.put some flame to the maryjane,
Down with the same thang with main in the left lane, peep game.
Put the duck in the ash tray, got on the freeway,
Sprayed a lil cologne on the car seats then I gotta up wit big d and six freaks,
They was thick as hell, you understand me? I was sippin on patron about to fade out,
Got up wit lil ma, had the whole lick layed out.
Put the gucci on the doorseat.
Countin some mo gee's, the dice game damn near broke me.
So I'm callin fo mo gees's and putting a pound of weed and four b's,
My thumper and my door keys, walked up like she know me I gotta keep it moving cause she prolly be the police.
So i, got turned tough told her to meet me in the range rove we aint gettin money
So I gotta go and change clothes bumped out wit the same hoes,
Tonight we in the hotel cause I got it in the mainfloor.
All them looking good, but I wanna hit the main fo what you think I'm spittin game for?
Cause I talk alotta spots andale, andale, andale, cha cha. 

[CHORUS:]
I gotta beg for yo body, 
Gurl I need yo body, 
I see you wit my body every time I see yo body, 
I say ooh ooh. 
If ? was a car, girl you'd be a phantom, 
Yo ass and yo titties,aint no tellin if I had them what I'd do (ooh) 

I was chose in this game, to be a cold mothafucka with the fe's and the lad's.
Now let the roof all down while I'm gettin good ol' head, smoke the trees in the back.
You see the mix with the jewels and the stacks, dont try to pull it, I got goons wit the gaps.
My money long like a python, makes yo bitch say fuck it, ima roll wit the mack.
B-low gettin all that dough, B-low gon pimp them hoes, B-low gettin all that show, and my meat gon touch the floor.
Mothafucka, get on ?SPIt ROW?.
Like I said you already know; P-O-P-I-M-P. 

[CHORUS:]
I gotta beg for yo body, 
Gurl I need yo body, 
I see you wit my body every time I see yo body, 
I say ooh ooh.If ? 
Was a car, girl you'd be a phantom, 
Yo ass and yo titties,aint no tellin 
If I had them what I'd do (ooh) 

Gurl, you got a bangin body like a Bugatti.
She got work like a cooking pot.
(oh!) she got legs like a potential hit (yes!) and a frame like a workin car.
But who the one the women lookin spectacular fo?, who the one that got the bump in the back of the truck?
Who the one that saw the body wit the booty of a Maserati while I'm in the party way back in the club.
You be kinda reminding me of my gee princess, so I gotta say majesty when I say that.
And when I see the way the fatty lookin from way back, you be kinda reminding me of a maybach.
You be the type I know I mite kiss, and if I flow it right I know I'm so righteous.
And if you wanna try and get as lyrical like the twist; you gotta flow li-li-li-li like this.
So now ima go to the back, get a cup fill it up wit the drank when I mack on a hoe.
Triple it up cause wen I get out I wanna cut cause I'm twist and imma kick that spectacular flow.
Now I spit you with the kind of glory, know its kinda gory when I come out of the laboratory, lets ride. 
Aint no fuckin wit the twista, jp, do or die, you are now wit the category f5. 

[CHORUS:]
I gotta beg for yo body, 
Gurl I need yo body, 
I see you wit my body 
Every time I see yo body, 
I say ooh ooh. 
If you was a car, girl you'd be a phantom 
Yo ass and yo titties, aint no tellin 
If I had them what I'd do (ooh) 

Now when I touch on yo body babe 
(touch on yo body) 
And when I grab on yo body babe 
(when I grab on yo body babe) 
When I feel on yo body babe 
(when I feel on yo body babe), I say (ooh.)