If I may be so bold
Tonight will be the night you feel the moon go cold
Live from the cellar I'm dwelling in. No swell of pride
My lack of melanin could be the reason I'm alive
My criminal element could be the reason the pelican flies
My mind developed a felonous mechanism that's jealous of the developments nicer than mine, my slice of the pie was inadequate
When you struggle just to be average you're a cadaver
I like Francis in the vatican but that didn't matter when I was younger.
The rumbling in my abdomen numbed something.
I got me a gun and jumped in the gathering shadows - where the animals sharpen their teeth on the sidewalk down to a point.
Let me get down to the point:
Armed suspect, robbery exposed. Cops pulled their guns on me and froze. Why?
All of my arresting officers were white. I blame the color of my skin for my life.
I'm not happy I'm ashamed of a dangerous cancer, the standard of who is to die and who's arraigned
Who's dry and who's in the rain? When Dom died - I used to think about suicide. But who am I to waste what so many have lost?
I'll pay anything it costs. But labels won't give me a penny for my thoughts...
Predicate offender. Predicated by medicated moments of life. If she's a bitch this ought to offender her
I'll call an audible on all of you. My objective is peace. But if you want to get beast I can switch the agenda
And render all of you useless. Return to sender. Remember I know what the truth is.
You can plant a tree but it'll be fruitless. Might as well climb it.
You're a fraud like the scientists denying the climate - change
I'll sew you up in the couch cushion, that can be arranged. I can do it without looking.
I was the first to punch your mouth crooked. Look at what growing the fuck up will do for your outlook if you just let it
Remember that I said it. America's the product of some incredible edits.
Never let them forget it. Never let a pathetic editor shred up a veteran or deny him his medical benefits. The predators drone
It's as complex as motherfucking Oedipus, get it? I assume not. I'm the parishioner of a thinking listener's boombox
Evening, Commissioner
Murderous cops keep Walken like Christopher
You all toasted a ghost whisperer's boasts
You say "The white man's innocent, case closed"
When death is imminent that's a venomous prose
There's no pros to the cons, just cons in white robes
One definition of psycho-pathic is being able to murder and feel nothing after
Just think, our phones got cameras now. Imagine how long it's been going on without people standing around filming
Children of a lesser God, we are in the building. If poverty's in the deck of cards, who the fuck is dealing?
Fuck your frivolous flag and your feelings if you're using them to defend your bigotry
You are the epitome of whatever the opposite of liberty is. To infinity and beyond stupidity
You got to be kidding me... Seeing the evil is... Killing the kid in me. Critically
I am acclaimed, by for our poverty you and I will be blamed. So they build jails for us to die in them, tamed
We build children to lie to them. Make a wish. And dive into the ocean just to hear the SPLISH

Just to hear the Splish...