HELLO! it's the part where I sing you a sad song with a broad playing the cello.
people keep quivering, raspberry Jell-o, deliver rivers of blood...I rip it like Velcro
For WHom The Bell Tolls. I'm Quasimoto with a Kamikaze flow though I'm global just like a cell phone
soon to be well known, fresh out the hell hole, STOP! let me pick it up before it even drops...
they do me like I'm shooting a movie, I get the props... for properly fucking the party up as if it's the cops...
but the opposite, poppin the propaganda apocalypse, ZINGER, licking your finger and sticking it where the socket is
H-E double hockey sticks, aiming at the goalie, giving the kids a new definition of getting holy
guacamole with cheese, I dip like chips, write murder on my mouth now read my lips...

[Chorus:]
Let's go for a ride....
All my life I been different
keeping it 110
percent real. you feel me? get lifted
yeah.. but then again...
we like to Get Weird
Get Weird
and when they see us the lames they get scared
so Get Weird
Get Weird
I just wanted to make 1 thing clear and that's to Get Weird

Yo! I'm in my motherfucking bag, you been lame as ever since the night your mother fucked your dad
I'm rad. the girls are eternally giving head and I love brains, it's like the Return of the Living Dead
poppin like every kernel my journal is fulla red, my raps written in blood will murder you in your bed
instead of composing one of Motzart's pieces I'm chillin in Hell and sending a postcard to Jesus...
CHRIST! where the fuck's your will to be weird? you're in the garden of Eden still you'd kill to be here
I'm under a bloody sky watchin Philly appear, me and Greazy will kill it filthy til we're millionaires
blast it. swagtastic, throw in the towel, got em floating, feeling salty like a sodium cloud
the macaroni jabroni from the opium town, see me politicking, I stay behind the podium now, clowns....

[Chorus]

All my life I been different.
lt me know if you feel the same way
we could get ill get ill like a sickness
fuck what all the lamesters say!

[Chorus]