All we know is to smash up the furniture, board up the house.
Gotta keep the zombies and the vampires out; but when the moon's full and you feel yourself change, things will never be the same.
I let lose in the fucking game with a werewolf growl, its the only thing you can do and its staring you down.
And I'm airing you out, in the night with a rusty aithblade.
When I'm bustin glass I'm sorry it must be that way.
You might see me with a bottle I wont give you three wishes, ain't no genie in this bottle just a bunch of mean liquid.
And consider it your child point him out if he snitchin.
Be rightous as any god, and evil as three sixes.
Its rediculously calm waiting for the good pictures.
You don't got me on your record that just isn't good business.
And I'm wearing skinny jeans I'm too big for my britches.
If murder by any means on this mission and you're fishin for a minnow in a lake with a crocodile in it.
When they see me flow their eyes come poppin out.
Finnished what you started don't go droppin out just because you heard me and you think you got no option now.
I'm optin out of fuckin with your lame brains claiming you're important.
I hit you in your main vein you wish that you snorted.
I'll import it to your main frame, blame noone for it.
if pain is beauty I must be gorgeous.
I'm fucking nautious read it in the blood.
I lost most of my friends to the needle or the gun.
See the suburbs crumblin, rumblin the stomach of the beast you get eaten you plummet a hundred feet.

I am JJ Demon that's my motherfuckin name oh you must have been thinkin about some other fuckin lame talkin chain against your jewel snatch, right over your body get your crew back to tag to slide off to this body.
Kamikaze pilot flying in the booth and I'm killin everyone if I gotta die with em too.
Its what I do, resurrected every morning comin back from the dead for your head swing your axe like a lumberjack.
I'm bringin that hunger back were under attack walking dead.
Blow that motherfuckin house up they're tryin to get in, sew your motherfuckin mouth shut for tryin to spit I know everything about ya, you're lyin again.
If at first you don't succeed you ain't tryin again.
You'll be dyin you'll die twice you'll be dyin again.
I'm just plannin my retirement Ill expire you and a can of gas and a fire that won't let the firemen in.
I'm reppin phili all crazy you see me actin calm but were really all crazy; sippin grey goose through a silly straw, really off balance I just wanna stay loose, do you feel me dawg?
I am here to stay, no I will never ever slack, when I steal the ball away you will never get it back.
Sound stupid when you talk, sound clever when you rap.
Just quit that's a motherfuckin feather for your cat.
Rats still tryna steal the cheddar from the trap.
Instead of gettin cheddar in the trap.
You are witnessing the beginning for you its the beginning of the end.
Kill him dead like a zombie with a bullet in his head. 
Bullet in his head
..bullet in his head
..bullet in his...