[Hook:]
'Cause I feel so awesome
How you feel? Awesome, I guess that's awesome
Shawty you fine and your body is awesome
Wanna roll? Awesome, well let's go, awesome
Hands in the sky like...

[Verse 1: XV]
I'm A-W-E, some call me awesome
Some call me Vizzy, honeys call me often
Gator on my shirt, what did it Lacoste him?
Jesus Christ I'm good, please don't cross him
How rude, Stephanie Tanner
You don't gotta watch me but please watch your manners
And I be getting green so mean, Bruce Banner
Gift of flow and presence, yeah, I'm the new santa
Uh, I'm saying, Kansas where I'm staying
Where niggas be bang banging likes Pac's or the Wayan's
And even through the hating and wars, they thought I stay in, pshh
Who you playing, I done went super saying
This that, off the glass, off the floor, off the wall jam
We in th building, you wishing you had the floor plans
You just a doorman, door man
Damn, I wish I had more hands

Now tell me what got two thumbs and knows how to spit rhymes?
Two thumbs up, you gon point 'em at this guy
Al Edison couldn't be this fly so ask how I feel and you know I reply...

[Hook 2:]
Like I feel so awesome
How you feel? Awesome, I guess that's awesome
Shawty you fine and your body is awesome
Wanna roll? Awesome, well let's go, awesome
Hands in the sky like...

[Verse 2: Pusha T]
History in the making, ain't you feeling it
Theif flow, they say I'm on show stealing shit
My solo discography, I'm building it
Now everytime you hit the space bar I'm killing it
Yeah, I'm so fucking awesome
200 thousand was paid to out floss him
They don't wanna follow my lead, I got a foursome
To keep the competition inline you gotta scorch 'em
Fire engine red and that drop head
Haters drop dead when I'm in that bob sled
Cover girl on my side, and she bobs head
Sayin yes to my denim as she nods head
XV from the middle of the map
I'm coming to you live from the middle of the trap
Colours in the chain like skittles out the pack
The hustler teaming with the gentleman of rap

[xV:]
Now tell me what got two thumbs and knows how to spit rhymes?
Two thumbs up, you gon point 'em at this guy
Al Edison couldn't be this fly so ask how I feel and you know I reply...

[Hook 2]

[Verse 3: XV]
Ay, I'm awesome, every time I lay it down
I think that I kill 'em, play possum
Death proof, ride with Rosario Dawson
Tell 'em open wide when they see how I'm flossing, ching!
Cooler than a peppermint, Wayne's World excellent
Party on Garth, shwing!, work ethic harder than a Mexican
That's why I can walk up into any restaurant and close the whole thing
See, even G couldn't F with it
Semi colon dash parenthesis, text messaging
That's a side smiley face 'cause I'm a make the best of it
I assume you should make room for the elephant
Boom, where I come from is irrelevant
'Cause my glory is all that I revel in
And my story begins where most others end
So all I really got to tell 'em is

[Hook 2: x2]