[Intro: XV (Freddie High)]
Rock Chalk, the lock’s off, the cop cars have blocked off
They hauled off those knockoffs
Freddie got me high (And the girls got live)
And my group went loud (And took his top off)
That’s good shit (Do not cough)
‘Fore I pop-pop-pop-pop-pop off

[Verse 1: XV]
My team is full of winners who roll good and drink hard liquor
Girls heat up like TV dinners when I hit that track like sprinters
She say I’m the future, I’mma I’mma
Probably go and bend her over my fender
Eat it like dinner, get on my wood and she yell “Timber!”
Flow as cold as December, my girl is hot as Earth’s center
I ball like Tony Soprano when I’m in Saks like Jimmy Tanner
I-I-I be higher than roofies, with no roof in the car ridin’ her
I don’t remember anything from last night, remember?

[Hook]
I came in this game like I got somethin’ to prove
My city on my back and I ain’t plannin’ to lose
Yeah let’s go in! Now let’s go in!
Now let’s go in! Now let’s go in!
Now let’s go in! Now let’s go in!
Now let’s go in! Now let’s go in!
I brought my crew full of squares
She brought a circle of friends
I said “I’ll bring the juice”
She said “I’ll bring the gin”
Now let’s go in! Now let’s go in!
Now let’s go in! Now let’s go in!
Now let’s go in! Now let’s go in!
Now let’s go in! Now let’s go in!

[Verse 2: XV]
Blue and red, blue and red
Get low like you took two to the head
We got some, screw a thread
Tryin’ to leave with the ring like newlyweds
Blue and red, blue and red
Cop car lights, dude is dead
Got a rock all out when they chalk y’all out
It’s everything that I ever talk about
Model chicks all on my roster
And I still split like Rosa Acosta
Rockin’ the stage with my nigga Awesome
Killin’ my beats, he looks like a rasta
Kansas gettin’ some shinin’
I’m gettin’ mine and they gettin’ their’s
You gettin’ yours and we gettin’ ours
And all and all I hope you prepared, yeah

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Freddie High]
And all I rep is square, follow the leader
2012, Squarian believer
Outstanding gamer, Xbox achiever
Playstation monster, yeah the trophy leader
Bitches say we game too much, I pick up and leave her
Cause that’s so 2000 and she don’t know my features
I got a lot of fans, still feel like I’m in those bleachers
T-t-turn this shit up loud and Vizzy like that reefer
Ballin’ like Arizas bigger houses than them preachers
Grabbin’ bitches like Serena, only serve and have nice features
Turnin’ tracks into Katrina, livin’ life just like a dreamer
It’s L7 game, Freddie High, nice to meet ya

[Hook]

[Outro]
Blue and red, blue and red
Cop car lights, cop car lights
Blue and red, blue and red
Cop car lights, cop car lights