[Chorus: Ne-Yo]
So you got a man? (Got a man, got a man)
I ain't mad, I'm not (I ain't mad at ya baby)
I just miss the way (Miss the way, miss the way)
That we used to rock (Used to rock, used to rock used to rock)

[Verse 1: XV]
This is my chance, no one gotta know.
Phone in my hand where your number's bout to go.
I said "You got a man? " you replied "yes and no"
My name is X to the V, but in your phone I'm X and O, ho.
Your man checkin' your calls 'n all your history
We watchin' Scooby Doo while he's tryna uncover mysteries.
I asked you if you missed me, and you replied "duhh"
You asked about my girl, and I replied "uhhhhhhh"
You forgot about the charm like a gold rope.
Cleverly get you wetter than ever, row boat.
We both is gigglin', old jokes.
You claim you happy, but I'm just like "get at me when he go broke"
I know what it is, I know you got kids with him,
And if he go to jail for tryna kill me you'll visit him.
I'm like that devil on your shoulder "don't listen to him"
We'll play some Mortal Combat when you finished with him.

[Chorus: Ne-Yo]
So you got a man? (Got a man, got a man)
I ain't mad, I'm not (I ain't mad at ya baby)
I just miss the way (Miss the way, miss the way)
That we used to rock (Used to rock, used to rock used to rock)

[Verse 2: XV]
I know he put you in that whip, call him master.
I know you ain't tryna leave with me after
I know you gotta play yo role
And just how that sayin' goes
But if we roll
You'll see greener pastures
And that's without takin the scenic route.
Ain't sendin' you home so I ain't seein' you out.
And when he ain't lookin', I'm gonna steal the plate
And slide across home, until you say "SAFE! "
You said we should chill, just focus on your deal
And now I got a mill (meal) baby you should say grace (haha)
Or you should say "bye' to his face,
Remember when you ran away to hide at my place?
Well we should reenact it
You tryna marry me, but, he just see it backwards
And you remember we had a thing since the swings, can you still do a backflip?
Well lemme ask this... haha

[Chorus: Ne-Yo]
So you got a man? (Got a man, got a man)
I ain't mad, I'm not (I ain't mad at ya baby)
I just miss the way (Miss the way, miss the way)
That we used to rock (Used to rock, used to rock used to rock)