[Intro: Kurupt {Xzibit}]
'Sup?
Once in the lifetime... (haha!)
Kurupt Young Gotti! (you can place that!) {beat starts}
YEAH!
It's going down. (AOOWW, AOOWW!)
Yeah!
X-to-the-Z, Xzibit! {YEAH!}
Ridin' on... {hahahaha!}
ROUGH!
West, West! (yeah, yeah!)
WestCoast is definitely in the motherfuckeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer! (YEAH!)
Ride on my nigga!

[xzibit {screwed voice}:]
Introducin' the X-Man phenomenal. - X-Files, the chronicle!
Aerostatical, nautical, magnificent beast!
Xzibit stick to the logic. You can be bullish and rollick,
Yo' ass will still get demolished, polished and keeping' a mulish.
My niggas eat like piranhas, we party stupid, retarded!
Most niggas jaded and guarded cause they not popular product.
This ain't no Gucci or Prada, this is a topless Impala,
North Hollywood body armor for when they come with the drama. {For when they come with the drama.}
So I continue the saga!
Move out the path of the lava, move in position and conquer!
You have created a monster. - Wake up and call out the culprit!
I never weaken or soften, might catch me weezin' and coughin'
Because I blaze very often, I need to knock this shit off of shit (shiiiit!)
I got problems, my nigga, and they get bigger and bigger.
You cannot solve with a trigger, this is a pivotal moment!
This is my time of atoning, this is my world and I own it!
So come and take if you want it! - Please God forgive me for sinnin',
Winnin', and makin' a killin' witness revenge of the villains.
Sexual healin' from women, I bust a nut to their ceilin',
I crash a plain in their buildin'. - But now I'm "Married With Children"!
Katal and balance the millions, I'm in another direction.
Life bless is taking it's blessin's, you need to hear my confession!
Forever walk with a weapon, I live and die like a soldier,
{I live and die like a soldier!} - C'mon let's take this shit over!

[Interlude: 40Glocc]
Aaaayyooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
Big Bad 4-0!
Hahahahah! (Aaaayyooooooooooooooooooooooooo!)
A.K.A. 40Glocc!
Y'aahhh!
Live Los Scandalous, nigga! (Aaaayyooooooooooooooooooooooooo!)
Hahahahahah!
X-to-the-mothafuckin'-Z.
BEEYATCH! (Aaaayyooooooooooooooooooooooooo!)
Yup, yup, yoooo!
Swallow back!
ZooLife!

[xzibit {screwed voice}:]
Make patches and master my master piece, niggas have the audacity,
Tryna adapt to capacities of your highness, your majesty!
What the fuck is you askin' me? - With my accurate accuracy,
Immaculate faculties with a nation in back of me.
I see promising situations, evolve into tragedies,
I just hustle and hustle because it comes to me naturally.
I'm a Buffalo soldier, clappin' you back to Jehovah,
C'mon let's take this shit over! {C'mon let's take this shit over.}
I'm a super nova, eclipse on your current events,
This ain't no novelty spittin' hotter than barbeque bits.
Lorena Bobbit, you ditched! - Trigger's still good in my grip!
You showin' off for the cameras while I just stick to the script.
People get Hollywood quick. - When people thinkin' you sinkin',
I got everybody thinkin' I got a problem with drinkin'!
I'm just enjoyin' my weekends so stay the fuck out my bidness!
I roll with serial killers. {We fuckin' serial killers!} - C'mon!

[Outro: Kurupt]
Yeah!
We in the mothafucker!
Kurupt Young Gotti!
Ooh!
Ooh, y'all thought it was a game?
West, West!
Push my nigga, push!
FUCK 'EM!
Yeeah!
We push the farline over here, boy!
No games!
X-to-the-Z, Xzibit!
Shoot off!
Shoot off, nigga! [beat fades out]