[Intro:]
Sometimes I don't even believe in myself
All these fucking blessers
It's like the good Lord is my best friend
Wanye, you went in on this one
Sometimes I got to pinch myself
Yo, can I talk to 'em?

[Verse 1:]
What you mean you shocked off, predicted this would happen?
Put in my years, graduated, where's my fucking cap and gown?
How many niggas you know rich from rapping now?
I'm one in ten million cause I wasn't backing down
There's a better chance to hit the lotto than the big stage
And most careers never make it past their Soundclick page
So the next time you see me you should say congratulations
I'm rapping for my bitches who've been running out of patience
And I'm repping for my niggas with the vast imaginations
Who never made it past a few cuts, lacerations
Man I'm busy working, music matures on every take
Making certain Sarah Penna book tours in every state
Watching rap careers Titanic, I really get to thinking
Cause the band played on even when the ship was sinking
Niggas barely buy music so they wonder how we did this
Someone tell 'em social media's a billion dollar business

[Hook:]
Is it magic? (magic)
You should shake my hand
I came a long way now I'm the fucking man
Is it magic? (magic)
I should take a bow
Pop a bottle in this bitch cause my team meeting now
Is it magic? (magic)
Where my real niggas at?
All my real bitches who came to get their riches
Is it magic? (magic)
We up in this bitch
Turned up in this bitch
Is it magic?

[Verse 2:]
And as my numbers grow, we just surpass two hundred million
I'm respected by my niggas and still entertain the children
On my Twitter feed Talib Kweli steady dropping wisdom
Man he's right, I'm sure I'll never get props from the bitter
And I get it, but I know they listening to every part
No ace of spades, clubs of diamonds, they got heavy hearts
Now one by one they fall because they fail to evolve
Now I'm shopping in Japan while they at the local mall
Got that young nigga money showing exotic women off
And I knew I choose the right path when Russell Simmons called
I could not tell a lie, fuck you haters in the Cherrytree
Millionaire playboy, philanthropist, marry me
Niggas see I'm winning everybody getting YouTube
But I claim my proper place on the throne, Shaka Zulu
As you listen to these words I know it makes you feel uncomfortable
I told you I was coming I'm a kill it for a month or two

[Hook]

[Outro:]
Captain of the Forefront
Got these niggas higher than four blunts
Yo I said, I said, uh
Everybody getting YouTube
I claim my proper place on the throne, Shaka Zulu
If you don't get it go watch the movie
Miami