[Hook:]
I was that nigga back then and I'm still on top
When I had dreams of doing big, now they real all the time
You've been working for a minute and it still won't pop
Tried my first shit on my own, so I'm never gonna flop!

[Verse 1:]
My chick super bad, riding super fast
Lonely stupid swag, cloning Cupid mask
Price as new as gas, playing and popping tags
So once she started to pop this shit I drop it oh so fast
Million dollar mind, billion dollar grind
Benihana time, body Louis style
Life's a movie now, with all that extra clips
I'm working and she's working,
So we just text a bit, we just flex the bit
When she get some time
Swear I love to beat it up,
But I really want you mine, Hold up!
Young boy, my act is slow
Something bout growing up in California
With the nice trees and my life freeze
And the fans recognize me!

[Bridge:]
My chick super bad, riding super fast
Lonely stupid swag, cloning Cupid mask
Drop exclusive flows, rockin juicy rolls
Popping new designs, profit it in the stores.

[Verse 2:]
European shoes with the leather laces
Living with no limits, going hella crazy!
Life with no limitations, can make you go hella crazy!
We be elevating, baby, why you're infiltrating?
Wanted to be a millionaire, holding on to my life lines
Hoping I can make a call, get some advice when the time's right
Baby girl, your mind right,
You can do something different than them other type
I ain't willing to tell no lies,
I'm just willing to tell them I was...

[Hook: x2]
I was that nigga back then and I'm still on top
When I had dreams of doing it big, now they real all the time
You've been working for a minute and it still won't pop
Tried my first shit on my own, so I'm never gonna flop!

[Bridge:]
My chick super bad, riding super fast
Lonely stupid swag, cloning Cupid mask
Drop exclusive flows, rockin juicy rolls
Popping new designs, profit it in the stores.

[Verse 3:]
My chick super bad, riding stupid fast
Getting hella dro, getting hella shows
Getting hella dough, got a elevator
Momma hella bad, so I penetrate her!
Why she infiltrated? We be renovating
Got the new shit, people hella mad
Why they infiltrate? You be instigated
I'm far along road, seeing hella faces, hella faces

[Outro:]
Seeing hella faces, hella faces!
Seeing hella faces, hella faces!
Seeing hella faces, hella faces!
Ah man...