Pull up in that CL, I'm blessed
Love all around me, I don't stress
I'm Clark Kent, got Superman on my chest
They ain't show us no way so we finessed then we flexed
I'm blessed my nigga, that's one thing that I know
If you spread your wings then God gon' help you float
Angels watching me everywhere that I go
You can spark that weed but we don't do no blow
We don't do no blow
I told my brody on me, I'm bout to blow
All this time I put in, it's bout to show
If you talk to God and try to get to know him
Even in the nighttime, it glow
My grandad, he came out to my show
He told that he proud of me, to keep going so I keep going
I put that on everything, I'm blessed
God with me, I never feel alone

[Hook:]
I'm blessed my nigga, that's one thing that I know
You spend that money, then I'ma put on a show
Put more than got bands and we might go on tour
We need that money nigga, we don't do it for the low
We ain't for the low
I'm blessed my nigga, that's one thing that I know
I'm blessed my nigga, that's one thing that I know
I'm blessed my nigga, that's one thing that I know
I'm blessed my nigga, that's one thing that I know

Everything I been through, I'm blessed
Your body is a success girl, you blessed
I'ma give you my all, ain't nothing less, ain't nothing less
I give you my heart, all of my flesh, all of my flesh
Girl you know that you got my heart know that you got it
I know we gon' get back to it every time we go through it
God got me, I tatted all on my chest, all on my chest
When I got hit by that car I thought life was mess, I thought life was a mess
But I was able to ball so I know that I'm blessed, know that I'm blessed
The way I switch up my life, I know that I'm blessed
Got nothing but love for ya if I know ya
Stay humble or God gon' do it for ya
I just thank the Lord I made a way
How'd I get this far, it gotta be fake
Ride around, I got Jesus all on my chain, all on my chain
My pops tell me that it's just part of the game, part of the game

[Hook:]
I'm blessed my nigga, that's one thing that I know
You spend that money, then I'ma put on a show
Put more than got bands and we might go on tour
We need that money nigga, we don't do it for the low
We ain't for the low
I'm blessed my nigga, that's one thing that I know
I'm blessed my nigga, that's one thing that I know
I'm blessed my nigga, that's one thing that I know
I'm blessed my nigga, that's one thing that I know

Think about my grandma, she blessed
You never left my heart since we laid you to rest
I remember walking into the hospital to come see you
Eyes closed, you had already left us that evening
We buried you mama but your soul is still the same
I know that you're blessed cause your life has so much meaning
You'll always be with my in my mind
As I live, I grow into the man that you designed
Don't worry bout your daughter, just know she fine
She got Superman right here and I'll be there right in time
I'll forever care for you
I promise I'll never forget about you
I know that you hear me screaming girl
I just wanna chill around
Don't ever take for granted all the loved ones in your life
If you get a chance, just make sure you do it right
And I'ma do it right
Oh I know that I'm blessed
Grandma, I know that you blessed
Momma, I know that you blessed

[Casey's Mother:]
My son, I knew that since you were a little bitty boy that there was a blessing upon your life. When that car hit you, your dad and I almost lost our minds. But faith and prayer got us through. And your attitude. It was your attitude, the way you handled it, let me know that you were going to be special. Your granny and nanny always prayed over you and your brother. We are blessed

[Casey Veggies:]
I just want to leave y'all with something, you know what I mean. I just wanna let y'all know that we're blessed. If you got a dream, follow your dream. Don't let nobody tell you you can't get it. Keep grinding. Keep shining. Keep being blessed. Let's get it