Yo, Zdot on production
I don't even know what to say

Peng tings on my WhatsApp and my iPhone too
The brown skinned girls and the white ones too
Girls love me and I love them too
I was on the roads when Dizzee made I Luv U (I Luv U, U, U)
Talk about me you better hashtag merky
Can't chat about speed look my cab man's certi
Shout out to my big bro Wiley, that's a badman from early
Lo-look I'm a boss man like Birdie, I'm a badman like Shirley
If grime's dead then how am I here?
Big man like me with a beard, look how am I scared?
God's wrath is the only power man fear
Couple skeng man, then shower man here
Shower man down in my shower man gear, yeah
Talk about me you better hashtag problem
Adidas creps, don't ask where I got them
Don't ask what they are, don't ask if I copped them
I go hard for my team, I go hard for my squadron

Where'd you get your Roley from? W-Where'd you get your Roley from?
I do not know this don, where do you know me from?
Out here like the Roll Deep song, man I'm tryna put my Co-Ds on
I do not know this don, where do you know me from?
Where do you know me from, w-where do you know me from?
Where do you know me from, w-where do you know me from?
Where do you know me from, w-where do you know me from?
Where do you know me from, w-where do you know me from?

Got bit by a snake, but I'm over that
Can't chat about gyal, I get loadsa that
Man know I'm a beast onstage
Don't make man go back to Culture Clash
Man are over-gassed
Dark skin boy, man are over-black
Talk real greazy, I'm known for that
Talk about Ps when you owe me that?
Man are not real like that
Real talk, man'll get killed like that
Man'll talk wrecked or man'll get caught in the flesh
Look, man I don't bill like that
We all know you're a good child
So pull up your jeans
Get off the street and go do your mum proud
Go get a job and don't come out your house, mug
Look I don't rate them boys
Bare wasteman, bare pagan boys
I come to your team and I fuck shit up
I'm David Moyes
Look, I'm a lord of the mic
And I ain't been Lord of the Mics
Can't chat about bars, can't chat about flow
Cuh man've done all of that hype, what?

Where'd you get your Roley from? W-Where'd you get your Roley from?
I do not know this don, where do you know me from?
Out here like the Roll Deep song, man I'm tryna put my Co-Ds on
I do not know this don, where do you know me from?
Where do you know me from, w-where do you know me from?
Where do you know me from, w-where do you know me from?
Where do you know me from, w-where do you know me from?
Where do you know me from, w-where do you know me from?

Oi, big up Wiley
Man haffi pay homage to the godfather, yeah?
My name is Stormzy
My name is the problem
My name is Big Mike
My name is Stiff Chocolate
My name is Wicked Skengman, live in the flesh
Boy
Know me from, where do you know me from?
Where do you know me from, where do you know me from?
Where do you know me from, where do y-
Oi, I'm gonna 'llow it, I'm gonna 'llow it