I am livin' on Channel Z
Getting nothing but static, getting nothing but static
Static in my attic from Channel Z
Getting nothing but static, getting nothing but static.
Static filling my attic from Channel Z

I don't know---I feel like something's happening
Something good is happening!
I feel love has got to come on, and I want it
Something big and lovely

I want the world to change for me! Gotta get away
Away from Z---Living on the edge of Z
Space junk---laser bombs---ozone holes
Better put up my umbrella!
Giant stacks blowin' smoke
Politicrits pushin' dope

All I know---we've got to change what's happening
Something good could happen
I feel light has got to come through---and I need it
Something big and lovely

I want the world to change for me---gotta get away---away from Z
Living on the edge of Z
Waste dumps---toxic fog---irradiate---and keep it fresh forever
Good old boys---tellin' lies
'Bout time---I got wise
Getting nothing but static
Static in my attic from Channel Z

Gotta tune in---pico waves. Gotta tune out---PCB's
Gotta tune in---market crash. Gotta tune out---polar shift
Gotta tune in---narrow minds. Gotta tune out---space junk

Gotta tune in---pico waves. Gotta tune out---PCB's
Gotta tune in---market crash. Gotta tune out---polar shift
Gotta tune in---narrow minds. Gotta tune out---space junk
Gotta tune in---bombs. Gotta turn out---atomic lasers falling from the sky

Where's my umbrella?
Gonna shoot that static down the drain
Gonna put that static out of my brain
Gonna put up my antennae. FREE!

Hamburger ads!---Pop up in my head---
On the edge of Aquarius---I'm living on the edge
Secret wars!---Take my money away!

I know I feel a change is happening---Something good will happen
I feel love is coming on strong, and I want it
We can make it happen

I want the world to change for me---gotta get away---away from Z
Living on the edge of---ZZZZZZZZ

Channel Z's all static all day forever---time to open up your windows,
Let in better weather
Channel Z's all static all day forever---time to take disinformation
And shove it in the shredder

Market crash---bullshit---space junk---narrow minds
Aaaaaaa!