L.O.V.E... 

Hooo woahooo woah 

L.O.V.E... 

Mmm noo.. 

Tired of being in the when am I gon find love club. 
I come close get a dose but it just ain't enough. 
Right guy wrong time right time wrong guy. 
What's the use? Why even try? 
What's the rush 
Gettin caught up 
And then it's over. 
Now im crushed, and I'm crying and there's no shoulder. 
It plays out so different in my dream. 
Things ain't always what they seem. 
And that's why... 

I don't get all excited when somebody brings me flowers. 
Ain't gon be sittin on my phone more than an hour. 
It hurts but I still run to it. 
Oh I hate love, I hate love.. 
Scared of what it does to me but I just got to have it. 
Been right in my reach but for some reason I can't grab it. 
Love keeps hating on me, so I hate love...I hate love. 

Don't wanna hear nobody tellin me they needin more time. 
Questionin, where I been, all up in mine... 
New guy old lines, old guy new lies.. 
Don't know why I even try. 
What's the rush...Gettin caught up, and then it's over. 
Now im crushed...and im crying, and theres no shoulder. 
It plays out so different in my dreams. 
Thing ain't always what they seem... 

And that's why.. 
I don't get all excited when somebody brings me flowers. 
Ain't gon be sittin on my phone more than an hour. 
It hurts but I still run to it. 
Oh I hate love, I hate love.. 
Scared of what it does to me but I just got to have it. 
Been right in my reach but for some reason I can't grab it. 
Love keeps hating on me, so I hate love...I hate love. 

The more that I say it...the less that I mean it. 
I just want somebody for me 
And the more that I see it 
The more that I want it 
But I need something that makes me believe 
They tell me one day, it will be worth the wait 
But I don't want to hurt on the way 
So im not gon settle 
I know better 
So understand what I say 

I hate I hate love L.O.V.E I hate 

I don't get all excited when somebody brings me flowers 
Ain't gon be sittin on my phone more than an hour 
It hurts but I still run to it 
Oh I hate love I hate love.. 
Scared of what it does to me but I just got to have 
Been right in my face but for some reason I can't grab it 
Love keeps hattin on me 
So I hate love I hate love...