[Hook:]
I'm on the radio early
She actin' like she ain't heard me
You don't know I'm the man now?
Back in the 330 (midwest models I got 'em)
Just left LA, on the red eye early
Back in the 330, back in the 330 (midwest models I got 'em)
330, back in the 330 (midwest models I got 'em)
Where the niggas ride clean
And the girls so curvy
330, back in the 330 (midwest models I got 'em)
Where the niggas ride clean
And the girls so purty

[Verse 1:]
Long verse, fat blunts, T-T money with a bang in the trunk
Fresh out the plain with the LA stitch
I love Cali girls and the sunshine
But ain't nothing like my 330 chicks from them 
Akron girls that went to school with 'Bron
Private school girls who love to get down
And the ratchet girls out in Youngstown all hold it down
And my white girls in Medina
Who's finer than they momma's China
And the Massillon/Canton girls who sharper than a line-up
From city to city I'm talking All-Star Line-up
Got a roster spot you can sign up
I'm talking max deals, Balenciaga
I'm talking black heels with red bottoms
Pretty girls with the big bottoms

[Hook]

[Verse 2:]
330, but it's Ohio love
Scarlet grey Chevy with my eyes on the Bucks
Move through the trap like Eddie George
Got 27 years piled up in the trunk
I'm talking FED time no jersey numbers
My cousin got knocked getting Worthy's number
He was a mathematician now he work the numbers
Love to have a good time, his favorite line
Don't let the work become us and spend freely
Never live life on PG though
And wherever you go rep the 330
So I'm shouting Milq all on this beach, you know?
I like to sit high, and my beats real low
A midwest nigga to defeat, you know?
A BCG nigga all draped in gold
Never mind a player hater, lame trick, or ho

[Hook]

[Talking:]
You see bro? It all worked out like we knew it would. We came a long way. I remember the day I met you. This is way before them a-life days. Ha- member those days? Those some good days too though. And you came to Atlanta to visit this young lady, a cousin of mine. Y'all got into it the first day, so I told you roll with me. We rolled around The A. Burned something. Listened to some good music. And as we started to talk and vibe, I was like damn, this nigga is just like me. With the same goals going through the same shit, just in different ways. And ever since then, we done been through it all together. Performin in front of five people, but you kept pushin. And we here now. You deserve this more than anybody. You are Ohio. You are 330. Mr. Massillon. I'm proud of you boy. Let's do it

Three thirty, three thirty (oh) [x2]
Ohio [x3]