Im a G, Nigga you dont know about me. 
Im a G, Nigga you dont know about me. 
Im a G Nigga you dont know about me but yo ass gonna learn and yo ass gonna see. 
Im a G, Nigga you dont know about me. 
Im a G, Nigga you dont know about me. 
Im a G, Nigga you dont know about me but yo ass gonna learn and yo ass gonna see. 

I stand 5 foot 10, 200 & half 100 percent gangsta dont smile and dont laff in a 3 inch shirt nigga 38
waist. I aint small mothafucka im takin up some space with a size 11 shoe that'll kick u in yo face bitch
im all about a crime and ready to catch a case. i aint scared to kick it in yo do and look around yo place
i aint scared to cock back a fo and put 1 in yo face stay still nigga flava duece duece in a third teflon
coverin yo body juice loose on a curve i serve it like a tennis ball straite up the minice yall i positon
and competition and when i fisnish yall can clear the collin and call the corrin tell him next again we
shot him like a cracker and stabbed him like a mexican. may never plex again not like he can but just
incase he get resurected is best he understands 

[Chorus]

I see these niggaz doin alot of talkin but they never back it up bout the work they movin or the paper
they stackin up u niggaz got the crack it up the only thing u sellin is wolf chickens and we aint buyin'em
so pack it up 84's click clack it up and down towners from westside to the east we keep the G and that's a
promise but yo plaque on summers americas most wanted. we criminal backgrounds and ready to straite
flauted only take is a salt dropper or a instagator messy mothafuckas got the make it fo and a instant
hater. im a lay it down like a baby ready to nap cuz im a trill nigga ready to clap. now wats up. i slap a
nigga scope him with a back hand left and continue till nobody from yo whack clan left bet u might cheat
left and u might cheat the dealer but u neva cheat the king of the underground on the rella. 

[Chorus]

Psc nigga UGK Free pimp c let me at it boy 
Hey tell'em for a minute bun chill to yo nigga don they say they got some blowin im the one them niggaz
get it from they talkin shit is best interest is to get a gun grab the mac 9 and spit half a clip and them
niggaz run. sissy niggaz sweeter then a cinnabun wannem knocked off we the ones u gotta get it done alot
of rappers say they g's i dont feel'em no naw yea sissy so keys im still a don. og's Usual low key movin
em 03 dont look up at my window u dont know me gangsta gangsta the same time picture the pump and paint i
aint the kind u wanna see me aks ar's i cant decide i got the mind of the hustler halacious grind man i
hold my city down like i anchor eyim. 

[Chorus]