[voice:]
Get out, you can't be in here, you have to get out.
I implore you, please?.. please?..
You all going to die down here...

It's life or death, either one,
The king is back, take heat and run,
I piss and take a shit on your beef for fun,
I killed the game, I ain't even used a gun,
Who better than me? don't make me laugh,
I run this shit,they just chase my ass,
I ain't talking shit nigga, just telling the facts,
I think all the tracks I'm hearing from niggas is whack,
I be hearing these niggas,
What they say in their rhymes,
I took my spot nobody gave me mine,
I make the beats that boom boom boom! in they trunks,
You disagree homie then go on and jump,
You can bump your gum,
You can say what you want,
That's all you gonna do 'cause yall niggas is punks,
I'm number one, you ain't nothing' but shit,
When they need a hit I'm who they gonna and get,
Talk to me...

[chorus:]
If you got love for me I got love for you,
If you won't fuck with me I wont fuck with you,
We can do it however you wanna do,
Nigga if you don't fuck with me I wont fuck with you,
Gonna head
Kill yourself kill yourself kill yourself
Don' kill yourself,
Kill your self kill yourself,
If I was you I wouldn't fell myself,
Don' kill your self kill your self
Kill your self done kill yourself,
Kill your self kill your self
If I was you I wouldn't fell myself,

I'm tired of niggas, niggas is tired,
You ain't a g, I see bitch in your eyes,
If you close to me, you supposed to be,
But most of you rap niggas is hoes to me,
Wherever you from, the question I ask,
Is do you think I give a fuck, riddle me that,
'cause in my hood and you jump into hell and back,
This industry shit, to hell with that,
I seen 'em come, I seen 'em go,
I doubt if you can show me something I ain't seen before,
Who supposed to be in charge? I need to know,
When I shake your hand ima step on your toe,
Go get you gun, go get you click,
Imma be rite here chilling with yo bitch,
You mad at me? 'cause I'm getting rich,
Well put the pistol to your head and empty the clip, pop nigga!

[chorus:]
If you got love for me I got love for you,
If you won't fuck with me I won't fuck with you,
We can do it however you wanna do,
Nigga if you don't fuck with me I wont fuck with you,
Gonna head
Kill yourself, kill yourself, kill yourself
Done kill yourself,
Kill your self, kill yourself,
If I was you I wouldn't fell myself,
Done kill your self, kill your self
Kill your self, done kill yourself,
Kill your self, kill your self
If I was you I wouldn't fell myself,

See my heart, feel my pain
Some of these stars, some is lames,
How they follow little trends to get they fame,
I ain't snapping my damn fingers to get in the game,
You claim you rich, show me son,
If you got so many dollars then loan me one,
Fools think they killers they own a gun,
When you no you about as sweet as a honey bun,
Trash your broads, behind a bar,
Like you that dude fronting hard,
V.I.P. bands don't make you a star,
Like we really still don't no who the fuck you are,
Don't talk behind my back just call me nigga,
Move my heart to the side
Make room to forgive you
If you still wanna hang, we'll come to get you,
Put the rope around your neck and jump my nigga!

[voice:]
Your all going to die down here...
Get out get out you cant be in here...
You're all going to die down here..