Birdman, what up?
Last time I seen bird, He Said Young Nigga Get This Money
Fuck these niggas
And you know what I said
I said, fuck ‘em!
DJ Khaled

Uh, murcielago when the doors go up
And when the money fall You Know the hoes turn up
But, When the Money Gone You Know All The Hoes Turn Down
And I pray to God He Don't Let my soul burn up!

Porsche and a nigga, I was Born With It
Heart Cold, but my soul warm in it
Glock 48, I go to war with it
Steady, ain’t Judah, with a foreign, with a switch
And I go to tour with it
If I see It, Then You Know I'm Gon Get It
Yeah nigga, for the love of that paper
I got hoes sipping, nigga, six in the morning with it
I’d die for this Cream, die for my dreams
As I stay and I fight on the side of the ring
With my back to the road
Hear The Crowd as they scream
But I come out on top like Mohamed Ali, uh!
These hoes fuck so good
Now lil nigga get money now!
Same bitches laughing at me I was dead broke
Can’t hear… I’m funny now!
Brand new Rolls Royce in the summer now
Big boy need coach when they come around
And they wanna put it all on my soul
Head Shot for a hater now simmer down

Uh, murcielago when the doors go up
And when the money fall You Know the hoes turn up
But, When the Money Gone You Know All The Hoes Turn Down
And I pray to God He Don't Let my soul burn up!
Uh, murcielago when the doors go up
And when the money fall You Know the hoes turn up
But, When the Money Gone You Know All The Hoes Turn Down
And I pray to God He Don't Let my soul burn up!

Eight million dollars on a brand new land
Suicide like they always don’t jam
Mount on top, nigga, high as the fame
Filthy rich, nigg, doing my thing!
Pop off, we had to pop that spot
Jewels flying, nigga, we’re so hot
Yachts, condos, living their life
I’ll do it again and I’ll pay that twice!

Murcielago when the doors go up
And when the money fire and all the hoes turn up
Bo, when the money guiding all the hoes turn out
And I pray God, he won’t let my soul burn up!
Murcielago when the doors go up
And when the money fire and all the hoes turn up
And when the money guiding all the hoes turn out
And I pray God, he won’t let my soul burn up!