Pimp game

You know what we like to do

Well connect the mothafuckin dots then! Shit, went to r&r
Picked up an s-time Ducat 200 at the gate and bounced man
I dozed off on a bus & had a dream with no name
And people crowded around me [?] till I found out what's game

And game said
[Voice:]
(I came to this country without a passport
But many of you got me I can't be seen but if you believe in me
And respect me and continue to fly with me properly
I'm a see that it comes back to you ten fold!)

I said yeah ok well I'm a pimp-and-a half & I know it so I formed 10 toes
Look for lies! Misconduct is at an all-time high too
Ya owe it to yourself to know it for yourself I say this like I play this; cool

I walks this walk -in a real way- & I'm nothing short
Of astonishing so tell me where they buried the survivors & we'll talk
The truth is the truth, now go on down
You need to be takin care of them kids & buy that boy some juice

Y'all gone make me an-gry
Enuff, to smoke
Me a square
Smoke me a bowl, ya

Y'all gone make me an-gry
Enuff, to burn me
Some wood, & by me
A drank, heee

Ya need to go get somethin, either that or go runnin down
Innerstate 10 east-west into oncoming traffic until you hit somethin
You need help man you how many of these hoes don't like they self?
Every 5 minutes she in the mirror hopein she change into somebody else

She lookin for instructions man she wanna stand up for
A pimp like a flagpole all-year around if she can though
And she don't mind if it rain but you drive by
Pick her up, thinkin feelin sorry for her gone make her leave this game

And y'all video pimps & studio players take heed
These fans ain't stupid potna so leave this part to Suga Free
I've been checkin traps since I was 17 years old
And been frosty like this to work my bitch cause I feel cold

Don't get mad baby, being pregnant don't keep no man
And if I see you you better run as fast as you can!
Ay man you lettin these hoes get away with murder
Reckless eyeballin, starin at niggas in traffic gone make the pimpin hurt her

Y'all gone make me an-gry
Enuff, to roll
Me a joint, smoke
Me some weed! ya

Y'all gone make me an-gry
Enuff, to get me
Some head (breathes heavily)
[?]

Bitch get out the street, toot toot beep beep Your name
Must be couch cause you can't do a damn thang standin on your feet
You ain't gon burn me baby, I'll fire yo ass
So fast it's nothin to a pimp it never faze me

Sometimes I kick back & chop it up with myself
And get relief, cause this pimpin's extremely therapeutic
I'm on top of this world thick, Suga Free don't get nothin
Out a square freak man cause I ain't no trick

See I don't understand y'all language, I never could
Like if I kicked it with you for a minute it would be all good
It is what it is & ain't no doubt about that
JUST LOOK GOOD DOIN IT, & keep them suckas off yo back

See it's an everyday job to be an ice-cold pimp
But I'm a natural so don't you ever try to compare me to him
So keep YO nails filed, YOU stay groomed let [?]
Do yo hair & watch you bouncin & behavin with prostitutes

Y'all gone make me an-gry
Enuff, to roll me
A joint, smoke me a
Bitch

Y'all gone make me an-gry
Enuff, to go to
CV, and get
My shit YA!

Y'all gone make me an-gry
Enuff, to wind up
In ya hoe, & put her
On the stroll! Ho!

Y'all gone make me an-gry
Enuff, to file
My nails, & make
Me a call