Man, this is some different shit
Fucked around and hooked up with Morris and them
Hit 'em up, Free
Jerome and them. Niggas cooler than a muthafucka. Kool and them

Hey, can I tell you something? Something I don't tell?
What got me feeling like a pimp and make me grow these nails?
I think it's something in my bones that be making me feel
That I can walk and I can talk like a player, for real
Sometimes I get the urge to jump around and act the fool
'Cause a player be so happy he don't know what to do!
I mean, some way, somewhere there's a girl
That was meant for you, and homey, she will give you the world
She want to see with my nails done and I do, too
Perhaps a manicure to help a pimp to feel real cool
Now, none of y'all tricks can't tell me nothing
I got my hair fresh blowing in the wind for something
Wearing tailor-made shit and my cleaners know
Put your contraband in a bag and hide my smoke
Yeah, I'm so cool (so cool), you can tell by my walk
That I ain't really got no time to talk

Hey, fellas! (Yeah?)
Any y'all hot? (No!)
You know why? (Why?)
'Cause we cool. (Cool.)
Hey, fellas! (Yeah?)
Any y'all hot? (No!)
You know why? (Why?)
We so cool. So freeze, cool
P-I-M-P
What's that spell?
P-I-M-P
That spells, "pimp" (Pimp!)

Have you had your sex today? Was it good?
Did he do it like a pimp, just like he should?
Or did he get on one knee and try to give you a ring
So he could lock you in the house and handcuff your dreams?
Hell, no. She ain't going out like that
She want to hit the casino in Las Vegas for a mack
And her eyes get big every time she hit
While you sitting there wanting to lay around with the bitch
Get your money, man, (Pimp!) and tell her all your needs
Do what you tell her you're going to do because she just might leave
But you ready for the cop and blow? (what?)
'Cause you's a player you going to get you some mo'
Now you messing with some check books, credit cards, mo' mon-ey
And looking back you squares, that's so fun-ny
I drive a Cadillac, baby, don't touch my glass
Take your shoes off, set them down, and drop my cash

P-I-M-P
What's that spell?
P-I-M-P
Ah th-that, ah th-that spells, "pimp" (Pimp!)

Now she got a baby, five minutes of fame
And the next thing you know, the baby got your name
Now she's Wonder Woman, dogg, she don't need no man
She got a helpless little baby in the palm of her hand
And her mama don't make it no better side-busting
But I'm going to make it fly, better side-hustling
She can't stand how I tell the truth
She can't stand how I'm rolling with you
She can't stand how I do what I do
But you better understand the pimp game is true
I ain't lying about something so I can do something else
Think you need some time alone so you can play with yourself
I'm too cool - like the Fonz again:
Finger nails, to the hair, to the skin I'm in
I'm too cool - square girls can't tell, right?
One more time and you going to hell!