Ay cricket

I'm finna sit down and take a shot of mud
And think about how good it felt to parole and get on the Greyhound bus to Clairemont California dog
Now the tongue is a sword, Pimping feels so good
You gone hate me when I pop this mothafuckin P so explosive see?
There's some women out there, but they limited
And I could talk all night about bein a pimp but you ain't gon get it
Here comes something else that came out, I'm finna take yo ass so deep
You gon' take seaweed for the rest of your life and be glad Suga Free came out

The last of the dinosaur
When a pimp pimp to his last breath and can't pimp no more
Hoe here you go! Don't sit up there and tell me you didn't do it
Bitch, cause I seen you with out the corner of my eye with my peripheral!

Oh you laughing?, Hoe I'll tell your
Boyfriend you a prostitute, look bitch, so I'm asking
"Ay homie, Fuck Suga Free let's kill him", "Naw dog
Stall him out I just broke up with my bitch, now I feel him"

I'll prolly knock some bitches to this
(Last of a Dinosaur!)
(Last of a Dinosaur)
Naw I won't make em like me no more

I prolly get some pussy for this
(Last of a dinosaur!)
(Last of a Dinosaur!)
Ay cricket!
Sing that shit

Now we all know we can't live with em & can't live without em
It's time to loc up n choke up the game and just finally talk about em
Wassup dago, cricket, I like that, that beat was money
And mainstream gon play me ask Bandit & Lil Bandit they my buddies

Four two to the front, for the niggas that shot
Lil Bandit I hope the Damus in the penn kill you punk
See I'm an ex-con, & if Tone tell me to do it
You best believe I'm a chalk mine up homie cause I'm a consider it done

Fuck that Black tone I'm FIRED UP, said somebody slipped
And willy tripped & chubbs told you that me & Ted was tied up
To begin with it's LaneWay, bing bang bing
Act up Tone would make one phonecall & our our phones would ring [imitates phone ringing]

Ay cricket, nigga I could
Tell these niggas 30 times & they still won't get it
Wassup Dago, wassup Pomona, Wassup Compton?
Whassup long Beach?, Wassup y'all, Suga Free

[?]

So you say a pimp is soft as cotton, rollin on Tony Braxton spokes
The type of nigga that be sittin there tellin Michael Jackson jokes
I didn't ask for this bitch, hoe it fell my lap
I spit some game to Tony Lane & he gave me some dap

They call me Goodguy, Bitch you the bottom
But pimpin gon always be at the the top of this here food gain
E-forty fonzie Eathy, Bet Beela tell
You I'm off that window-pane doin one eecky feethty

And it's gon snap all through the bay, so I want all ya'll
Bitches to pull out your titties right now & say "suga Free boombyeyay!"
Something tell me Big Von that you ain't gon see me swell
Overlookin water at the prison, bumpin KMEL

If Fillmoe leave me who we got?
I want Gangsta Brown & Tony Lane & Chubbs to carry my plot
Magazine in San Pablo is just like Holt
Go to the Bay & get some game, what you staying there for?

I'll prolly knock a hoe to this
(Last of a Dinosaur!)
(Last of a Dinosaur)