[Verse 1:]
Just thinkin' 'bout these current events
While I wait for shit to occur 'till I vent
Got me nervous again, the nerve of the man
To kill another innocent black man
Let's take a trip to Ferguson and
See whatever is hurting us now, was hurting us then
That shit hard enough to take, even worse to defend
No friends, that's what you call a war, feel like a saw it all
[?] weapons now we headed to Baltimore
If he fall, we fall, see y'all scared to
Let's [?] out and be more, [?], careful
Don't listen to the news, son is more than you see
Obama gotta have more than a speech
Nigga, this ain't the type of war to retreat
Then why you wonder why my ears, shutting off when you speak
Cause where I'm from, we talk with our feet
Lot of kids lookin' lost on the streets
Either, end up in jail or in a coffin deceased
Man that's deep

[Interlude:]
Interviewer: Does it break your heart to see this happening?
Interviewed: Oh, definitely. I mean, what it is, is... young boys, the young folks of this community, showing decades old of anger, frustration. For them system has failed. This is more than Freddie Gray, this is about the social economics of, of poor urban America, and you know, these young guys are very frustrated and upset, and, unfortunately, they're displaying it, in very destructive manners

[Verse 2:]
Now I'm headed to the cemetery, where they would want us
To dig up, few of the homies they took from us
A whole tank of oxygen for Eric Garner
A fresh brand new hoodie for Trayvon Martin
So Mike Brown, the pipe down, you can't win a [?]
When white mans gun rises, another nigga falls
[?] back up, before he calls back up
And try to back us down like Freddie Gray in the [?]
Or chill y'all givin' 'em reasons to attack us
All type of riots, is no longer quite
For some reason I admire, how we fightin' through the fire
Speedin' with flat tires, every jungle has lions
But even as lions, shit is still as hard
Cause hell, even Mufasa had to deal with Scar
I say that shit won't happen, they look at me funny
Then kill Nick Thomas, light up the street from me
Damn