Early morning whispers to me
I was taken unaware
I remember sunlight creepin'
In the window over there

The day had promised true love
Smiles awaken as we rise
Our golden slumbers long gone
Only you got in my eyes
And now I'll never be the same
'Cause you made me over

If I were a bell, baby, I would ring
Tell the whole world that you are my everything
If I were a bell, baby, you would know
That you are my only lover and it's wonderful

If I were a bell
Baby, I would ring each day for you

Early morning it talks to me
I was taken by surprise
I remember fingers floating
As you held me hypnotized

The day had promised true love
Smiles awaken as we share
Our golden slumbers long gone
Only you and I were there
And now, honey, I'm not the same
'Cause you made a brand new me, yes

If I were a bell, baby, I would ring
Tell the whole world that you are my everything
If I were a bell, baby, you would know
That you are my only lover and it's wonderful

If I were a bell, baby
I would ring from the hilltops
Ring from each and every day mountainside, yes, oh

If I were a bell
Baby, I would ring through every valley
Tell the whole world 'bout these tears of joy I cry

If I were your bell
Baby, I would ring each day for you

And no one
Could ever tell me what to think, to feel, to say or do
Listen, sugar
I'm gonna sing about you one more time

If I were a bell (If I were a bell), baby, I would ring (Baby, I)
Tell the whole world that you are my everything
If I were a bell (If I were a bell), baby, you would know (Baby, only you would know)
That you are my only lover and it's wonderful

If I were a bell
Baby, I would ring each day for you...
Just for you

I guess that's not mature thing for me to say, baby
I'm just gonna let the bells talk for me
As the flicker turns to flame and passion rises hot (Ooh...)
I have no choice but to carry the choice but to carry a torch
Come here, honey
Let me make it all right (Ooh...)
I'm gonna ring for you, baby (Oh... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh...)
You know the part (Baby)
And it's from the heart (It's from the heart)
It's from my soul (From my soul)
I ring for you (I ring for you... oh... oh...), oh
Just for you (Just for you)
(Just) Just for you (Just...)
Oh, baby, I still do
(Tell the world I'm ringin' for my baby, I'm ringin' for you)