Mama Rose got da flavour, Lady T got da flavour, All My Ladies got da flavour.

[Verse 1:]
L-O-V-E what more can I give u baby? love is all you ever really need just like a drizzle baby.Can't take nuthing what u can't you see know that's for shizzle baby so I thank you for the memories and that's official baby I imagine something for than you that's what the public told me. Nothing more that giving peace a chance, peace like your arms to hold me. Build you a caste with the tower to high that women came from smoking. Need and angel with some wings so fly love me some holy holy.

[Chorus:]
Cause my fingers popping baby baby and the base lines banging like crazy and the whispers crawlibg to the oh gee crime smiling faces in my heart be fine. Giving you something u can feel giving you something baby I'm for real what more can I give you baby sweeter than this song, Milk'n'Honey baby make ya love strong. What more can I give you baby that will linger on Milk'n'Honey baby make ya love strong.

[Verse 2:]
R-O-S-E out there's a sweet rose baby simple things they appeal to me beats like a spistel baby Nelly ella can't u see where I sizzle baby hot boy swagger for sure for me I like the way your wisdom truly ain't no mountain high enough to keep e from it baby. Sometimes I don't think I'm hood enough to climb the stomach baby. Once I heard a voice that spoke of love so good to come it baby gave me a spirit of the riches stuff it gives I love it baby.

[Chorus:]
Cause my bodys swinging baby baby and the base lines banging like crazy and for real stuff kick into my crew makes it in places baby wata'do. Giving you something you can feel giving you something baby I'm for real. What more can I give you baby sweeter that love songs Milk'n'Honey baby make ya love strong. What more can I give you baby that will linger on Milk'n'Honey baby make ya love strong.

[Rappping:]
L-A-D-Y what more can I give you baby I build you a castle with the tower so high just like a mistle baby I need me an angel with the wings so fly know that's official baby feeling the the day you die show love for shizzle baby.

Cause my body swanging baby baby and the base lines banging like crazy and for real kick into my crew it in places baby wata'do giving you something you can feel giving you something baby I'm for real what more can I give you baby sweeter than this song Milk'n'Honey baby make ya love strong what more can I give you baby that will linger on Milk'n'Honey baby make ya love strong. What more can I give you baby sweeter than love songs Milk'n'Honey baby make ya love strong what more can I give you baby that will linger on Milk'n'Honey baby make ya love strong [Fade]