Creation a rebel yeah, highly over devil, yeah
Creation,
I and I rise like the moon in the night,
Child of African soil, sun burnt face,
I and I seat up inna highly realms
While Babylon tryin' to find, where does your happiness lie.

Oh momma son gone natty now and dash weh di patties, strictly roots i yati, Ital trod
Oh I and I seat up inna highly realms
While Babylon tryin' to find, where does your happiness lie.
But the secret is so mystic, You cannot read it, You've got to feel it,
open secret Jah reveal it, you cannot do it, you've gotta be it.

Keep it on a one two order, Iya Ingi, Iya Ingi,
Keep it on a one two order, Iya Ingi, Iya Ingi,
Where does your happiness lie, where is your joy?

Creation ah rebel yeah, I. I, I, I
Creation ah rebel yeah.
Highly over devil,
I and I ask Jah fi longer days,
Straighten our wicked ways, Let us live upright,
I and I seat up inna highly realms,
While Babylon trying to find, where does the happiness lie.

For the kingdom of Zion, is the most I n I man
So do all the good that you can amongst all creation,
Rasta youth seat up inna highly realms,
While Babylon tryin to find, where does the happiness lie.
but the secret is so mystic, you cannot read it, you've got to feel it.
This open secret Jah reveal it, you cannot do it, you've gotta be it.

Keep it on a one two order, Iya Ingi, Iya Ingi
Keep it on a one two order, Iya Ingi, Iya Ingi
Where does your happiness lie, ooh, where is your joy?

Remember Jah Jah goodness, is a good cure for doubt.
a hahahaha hmhmmhmm

I and I shine like the sun in the sky,
Child of African soil, sun burnt face.
Rasta youth seat up inna highly realms
While Babylon tryin to find, where does your happiness lie.
Oh momma son gone natty now and dash weh di patties, strictly roots, i yati,
Ital trod
I and I seat up inna highly realms, while Babylon try to find, where is your joy.
But the secret is so mystic, you cannot do it, you've got to be it,
This open secret Jah reveal it, you cannot read it, you've feel it.

Keep it on a one two order Iya Ingi, Iya Ingi
Keep it on a one two order, Iya Ingi, Iya Ingi
Keep it on a one two order, Iya Ingi, I I I I
Keep it on a one two order, Iya Ingi, I I I I I