The bible says that they were at a wedding feast, and you know how we do. You know to appease the people we put the best wine out first. Don't act like y'all don't know what I'm talkin about. Better smile at me, I'ma call your name. You put the best wine out first, and then you know, you know what I'm sayin. You put the cheap wine out last. I don't know about you but I want the best wine. I love to sing this song. Is it alright if I take my time? Y'all ready to go? This the last song so y'all, is it okay? I want you to say, I want the best wine. God I love to sing this song, just, thank you father, hallelujah. Well the bible says that they ran out of wine. They ran out of wine and Mary the mother said look here Jesus, a wedding feast is not a wedding feast without wine, you gon have to do something. The people have run out of ideas, they exhausted their hookups and their resources. I want the best wine. She said Jesus I need you to do something. Jesus said, look here this ain't got nothing to do with me. But his mother knew that Jesus was gonna have compassion so she said, look here, whatever Jesus tells you to do, do it. Tell your neighbor whatever he tells you to do (go ahead and do it). Tell your neighbor, whatever he tells you to do, do it (go ahead and do it). I lost some of y'all. Do it (go ahead and do it). I'm only talkin to those of you who want the best wine. Don't y'all play me here tonight. I want the best wine. Woah, give it to me. I want the best wine. Let me just call to warn you, you can't put old wine and new wine skins. So you gon have to change. Look at your neighbor and say, you've changed. You ain't the same person you were when you got here. I'm changing. Come on, wave your hands like this from side to side. Yeah, do, do that again, I like that. My brother tries to be old school, I'm bringin him forward. I want the best wine. So let me finish my story, I know you want me to finish my text don't you. We got some work to finish. Meet me at church Sundays at twelve o'clock to one fifteen.

Ain't no party like the dreams in the party cause the dreams in the party don't stop. We got the best wine. Oo, where my dreamers at? I need to see some dream shirts in here. Dream. Alright, so let me finish my story. Jesus, said look this got nothing to do with me, but even when Jesus is not necessarily focused on your issue, if you just do what he tells you to do, you qualify for the first miracle. God, y'all, miss that.