I wish I had some real folks in the house tonight who say I don't always feel like lifting my hands. I wanna teach you a real simple song tonight. My brother Elder Eugene Brown is going to sing it for us. It simply says..

We offer, the sacrifice of praise [x8].

Come on, Lord we lift our lives. Lord we lift our lives just to honor you, to honor you. Though at times we feel like throwing in the towel, but we won't give in for the hour is near. When we search, when we search for those. When we search for those, in spirit and in truth, we'll worship You. We will, we guarantee you, we offer.

We offer, the sacrifice of praise [x3]. We offer, come on, make God an offer He can't refuse. All over this sanctuary, we offer, we offer, the sacrifice of praise. Come on, we are the living sacrifice tonight.Lord we life our lives, just to honor you, to honor you. Though at times we feel like throwing in the towel, but we won't give in for the hour is near. When You search for those, and will be found by You. In spirit and in truth, we'll worship You. We offer, we offer, we love You, we praise You, we magnify Your name. We offer, the sacrifice of praise.

Hallelujah [x3]. Halle means celebrate. Hallelujah [x3]. Jah means God. Come on celebrate him. Hallelujah [x3]. Does anyone here have something to celebrate for? He's been good. Hallelujah [x27].

You are so worthy, of my sacrifice of praise. We Celebrate, the sacrifice of praise. You are so worthy, of my sacrifice of praise. You called us out of darkness, into this marvelous light to show forth Your praise tonight. You are so worthy, of my sacrifice of praise. You're so worthy, worthy is the name that was slain before the foundation of the world, the angels cry Holy, Holy, Lord God Almighty. And Lord we draw, and is, and is, to come. You are so worthy, of my sacrifice of praise.

We give you the glory, we give you the honor [x6].

We offer, the Sacrifice of praise, of praise.

We love you so much. We magnify Your name Jesus. Come on unrehearsed, unprovoked, spontaneously come on. Without any outside stimulus. We offer. We offer. We won't forsake our responsibility. We offer. We offer. Not a lamb but ourselves, we offer. We offer.