[Intro, Ice Cube:]

What would you do
If I punked your whole crew?
Would you run like a bitch from me?
Niggaz don't test 
Cause we come from the west
Yes the W-S to the C
Westside!
Westside niggaz
Fuck everybody that used to be down
That ain't down no mo
Y'all niggaz ain't from the best side
Y'all don't know how we puts it down
Trick ass motherfuckers

[Verse 1, Ice Cube:]

Let's make it happen, nigga, fuck rappin I'm bellin
With three time felons, nigga, who you tellin?
Doug Lou Ellen that a fool sellin
Thirty-six ounces what that amounts is
A whole chicken finger licken is the rumor
Catch a tumor you say I'm dickin my consumer
Suede Puma's as I walk down Florence
With warrants that don't go to court in Torrance
Tonight I'm buzzin thought I wasn't
Mack 10 and W.C. is like my blood cousins
Eleven strikes from armed robbery to stolen bikes
A nigga likes your motherfuckin Nikes

I shift gears when I see tears
Fuck a record, fuck a movie
I rack my uzi
On boosy niggaz that pretend to be friend to me
We the dopest niggaz on Hennessy in the industry
I did a lick well
I'm in a thick cell
Gold teeth, two motors and pig tails
And when I hear Westside Connection
I get the fuckin erection

[Chorus, W.C.:]

So, fuck what you saying, fuck who you tellin
I'm only bellin with some three time felons
Nya, fuck what you saying, fuck who you tellin
I'm only bellin with some three time felons

[Bridge:]

Rollin till the wheels fall off
A nigga rollin till the wheels fall off
Westside rollin till the wheels fall off
A nigga rollin till the wheels fall off

[Verse 2, Mack 10:]

I gots to handle mines
So I grinds
Real O.G. parolle
Throw the woop on the quarter key
Ain't been out but a minute
Nigga, in it, to win it
Cause a five year joke leave yo stack dented
Got my pockets back swollen 
Motorola holdin
A nigga got the whole hood rollin
BG's get you what you want when you need it
I got them little niggaz all posted up and heated
Hogs put it down nothing less than a fat knot
Niggaz callin Mack's spot
Jackpot, the crack spot
Got the double up bomb can't wait
So wont you bounce rock skate
To where the cluckers hibernate
Where we livin like stars switchin cars like they leases
Servin ten pieces to your aunties and nieces
While the loot keep me blasted from Inglewood to Venus
Tatted Westside Connection on my back in Old English
So, nigga, what you wanna bet on a set full of vet lick hitters
And, ain't a crew that can get with us
It's west coast, the most, I be yellin
Nigga, Mack 10 bellin as a three time felon

[Chorus, Ice Cube:]

Fuck what you sayin, and fuck who you tellin
I'm only bellin with some three time felons
Fool, fuck what you sayin, and fuck who you tellin
I'm only bellin with some three time felons

[Bridge]

[Verse 3, W.C.:]

Let it rain, let it drip
Niggaz are best to duck when I'm unleashing these clips
Thoughts of manslaughter got my finger on the trigger
Fuck a peace treaty, it's on with all you niggaz
Cause ain't no contaning me when I'm ringing these motherfuckin heaters
Causing tragedy
Tearing off your whole chest cavity
Mobbing through the neighborhood, nigga, twenty inch bollters
Fresh house, shoes, hair, rollers
Lenny wanna kill me cause I got 'em all scared of this
Cutthroat janky enviromental terrorist
Stickering my tapes hoping that they can silence me
Cause I'm a nigga that's yellin fuck society
But ain't no stopping this westside click
So, tell that bitch Delores Tucker to suck a niggaz dick
Cause I'm punking mo niggaz than Deebo
Illegal sipping Seagrams straight smoking on a Primo

[Chorus, Mack 10:]

Nigga, fuck what you sayin, fuck who you tellin
I'm only bellin with some three time felons
Fuck what your sayin, and fuck who your tellin
I'm only bellin with some three time felons

[Bridge]

[Outro, W.C, Ice Cube:]

West coast till the casket drop
Rollin till the wheels fall off
West coast till the casket drop
Rollin till the wheels fall off
West coast till the casket drop
Rollin till the wheels fall off
West coast till the casket drop
Westside, rollin till the wheels fall off

Yeah, time is runnin out niggaros and nigga hoes
All W's must be true
Inspected by the Westside Connect Gang
WSCG
Bonafied and worldwide
When you see Ice Cube throw up the W!
When you see Mack 10 throw up the W!
When you see W.C. throw up the W!
When you see Crazy Tunes throw up the W!
When you see K-Dee throw up the W!
When you see The Comrades throw up the W!
All Frum Tha I throw up the W!
Westside till I die, what you thinkin of?
And y'all bitches can throw it up to