[WC]
Say hoe I got way more dick than them niggas rolling your lexos
No punk ass Versace gear just the nigga with the triple 1 braids in his beard
Quick to get the pussy dripping so quit tripping 
Like you got a nigga resembling Donnie Simpson
Hoe I'm from the wild wild west fuck them preppy niggas
You need to get with this malt
Liqour sipper picture me simpin over ya never
How ya figure I'll be crying over yo ass like a 
Baby face nigga bitch you better be glad
I got 3 strikes because back in '85 
I'd been done gave your ass a black eye
See I been waving at your ass all week but all
You do is roll your eyes like your shit don't stink
So now it's time for a nigga clown your ass
Because i can tell from the tattoos you's a high class hood rat
Don't want to fuck with niggas in khakis
But hoe i bet for the dough 
You quick to jack that ass like a 4
So quit fronting on a nigga and lick these and bitch
Hit the road with your fucked up weave.......

[Ice Cube]

How would you like to get a nigga rugged and raw
Outlaw rollin' down the shaw
Don't you want a mothafucka that's hard
Or a bitch-made cute as El Debarge?
Do you like negros?
Him and those?
Individuals called criminals?
How'd you figure a West Coast nigga
Drinking liquor got to know how to dig you
When we dated straight fade it
Penetrated, Ms. sasfisacated
No daddy hate it
Never met a nigga quite as fly as me
All bottled up in your high society
You want to chech my mental
Cause how could a nigga from South Central rollin' in a Benzo
Spice in ya life is what you need you intreigued by the smell of my weed
I represent reality in your world full of lies
And i can see it in your eyes
You worried sick and I'm chillin' (Westside)
Tell your family to fuck off and roll with this villian

[chorus]
Do you like negros, him and those, individuals called criminals? [2x]

[Mack 10]
Who wanna fuck wit it I put it down for real tho
It's Mack 10 and let you niggas know I'm gun ho
Baby i guess maybe i can get with your program
With hunnit spode tonas on my front and back
Broham hit a lick or two make your whole life a thriller 
Make you wanna shake the nerd and come ride with a killa
Hot as sauce out the floss no need to be discreet
I swing the fuck out this bitch til my bumper touch the street
On switches and I'm workin jerkin hot ya nigga smirkin
Jack the ass up and down til my back wheels is chirpin
You need to be with me bitch you too fucking bombay
To be on the Shaw with a nigga with a Hyundai 
I take you through my neighborgood raise where crime pays
No girbauds no fades just cacky's and French braids
And my friends is niggas that know what ends is
In high-top Chucks pushin V-12 Benz'
With hoochy hoes groopy hoes 
You know those with a gang of money lolo' and penitintiary fo do's
So shake him now no need of waitin of debatin
Slam the door on them five stars and hop on these Daytons

[K-Dee]

Dee, dee, dee, daddi, daddi, dee, dee, daddi day
I come from the crew I thought you knew we don't play
I see your frowning but I'm clownin' anyway
Can't nobody fade K-Dee baby, baby
I know you're Catholic 
But can you have you have dick up in them guts all the way to
These nuts
Your a rich girl far from skeezer
I'm playing at the mall with your Visa
You wanna swang with K-Swinger
(When the West is in the houseoh my God! danger)
But take a hit you'll live
But when you hit it hoe you got to puff, puff give
Now i see you giggling
But all I wanna see is ass wiggling and titties jiggling
So what you wanna do?
Don't go chasing waterfalls
Stick to them dicks and balls your use to
Go ahead and take a big lick
Cause girls look so good on the end of
My dick
That right is it tight? 
I know you ain't a dike
What type of nigga do you like?
Bitch! 

[chorus]

[chorus II]
Bitch I'm from the wild, wild west
Can't you tell buy the "S" on my chest
We got hoes for days 
Plus we claiming no stress no mothafuckin' dress

[chorus]

[chorus II]

Do you like criminals?