Excuse me can I talk to you, please? Excuse me can I talk to you, please?
Give me a few minutes than you can leave. Give me a few minutes than you can leave. 
I’ma show you who I’m talking to. I’ma show you who I’m talking to.
May be a lot or it may be a few. May be a lot or it may be a few.
You know there is a God around. You know there is a God around. 
Grandma used to take you to the church downtown Grandma used to take you to the church downtown. 
But you were young and Grandma made you do it. But you were young and Grandma made you do it.
Some of y’all paid attention, some slept right through it. Some of y’all paid attention, some slept right through it.

It’s time now, no better time than now. For you to turn back to God.
Tomorrow’s not promised, to any of us. So please turn, please turn back to God.

Life get’s so heavy at times; Life get’s so heavy at times.
Troubles add up to the mountain high, troubles add up to the mountain high..
And there’s no way that we can get around them, there’s no way that we can get around them.
So put your trust in God and not in men, so put your trust in God and not in men
In your heart you know that God is real, in your heart you know that God is real
You know that he can save and he can heal, you know that he can save and he can heal
So don’t front on what you know is true, so don’t front on what you know is true
Cause right now God is watching you!

It’s time now, no better time than now for you turn back to God
Please turn, please turn back to God

Just one more verse and than I’m through, just one more verse and than I’m through 
Don’t wanna get on your nerves but I really am concerned about you, Don’t wanna get on your nerves but I really am
concerned about you, 
I want you to meake it to heaven, I want you to make is to heaven
Instead of wasting time down here just having fun, instead of making times down here just having fun
Just look at tihe signs of the times, just look at the signs of the times
Terrorists and wars everywhere not to mention crime, terrorists and wars everywhere not to mention time
Jesus is coming back so soon, I bet you heard that from your Grandma, too  
Come up here Jason

It’s time now, no better time then now
It’s time now no better time than now
It’s time now no better time than now 
It’s time now no better time than now 

Won’t you please give God a chance?
In your life He will enhance 
Yeah, no better time than now

Yes I know you’ve had some pain
Turn to God don’t go insane
Yeah, no better time than now

Don’t think I know how you feel?
God is real, yes He’s real
Yeah, no better time than now for you to turn back to God.

Please turn back to God [fading]