[Chorus]
People always talkin 'bout 
(I'm what, say what? I'm what, say what?)
You're a hustler 
(I'm what, say what? I'm what, say what?)
I don't care what the others think, 
just be straight with me (I'm what say what?)

[Verse 1: Silkk the Shocker]
Huh? Huh? Huh? 
I know I take chances to make sure I'm sittin tight
do I  get how I live, sometimes I don't get it right
my gold and platinum plaques make you know what we did
have the whole world wonderin what Silkk The Shocker, Master P did
see it ain't no limit, it's only the beginnin
why cuz all y'all want us to fall, and hit the wall
it'll only take a minute, an see I gets the bomb tree
Beats By the Pound shit, it sound sick, rolex, and baguettes all
I take this out the ghetto an live up on top
akin flights, an shoppin sprees, on 504 yachts
see money don't change me, make me live a lil bit good
took some of my, family members, an my homies out the hood
see we ghetto millionaires, far away when we meet
i think they watched us P cuz about when we speak
see I'm too deep to change, everybody know my name
I guess I gotta charge it 2 da game

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: Master P]
UGHHH! Green money, I like to count honey, 
my only bad habit that I like to sell B's honey
we hot check the Billboard spot
24 g's an P's to make a club rock
now they violent, gotta get it rowdy
peep game gotta Benz, Lex Luger in or out it
don't hate me, the money don't make me
it's gonna take 200 million just to break me
cuz I'm a soldier, I thought I told ya
I like that doja, but hate the rollers
Crystal, greed, an hinace, got cream 
makes a brother in a Bentley, from the ghetto
there ain't no limit cuz we livin large
bought a rolex, a yacht with a gold card
you done lately, your girl wanna date me, in my grill 
for, UGHHH! an I'm straight g

[chorus]

[Verse 3: Silkk]
I guess they call me a hustler, cuz of the fast livin
but if I see somethin I gotta get it, because I have vision
an if I like it, I gotta get, if I saw it
went from, over the shows, over the doors
house full of floors that's marble, a brand new Ferrari
parked it, when I bought it, see I'm a no limit soldier
an I came to get it started, what you, what you think,
I'm all about my bank, tryin to be a multi-millionaire 
before I'm old enough to drink, now we can ride bro, no lie bro
see nobody be here beside us, so go ahead an fire it up
some girls wanna perk it, my homies like to work it
soldiers from Texas, all the way to Jersey
tick to the tock, all around the clock
from the north, to the south, 
to the east, to the west, it just don't stop
so to all my real g's, throw them up high
to all the ballers that have the corks of Crystal let it fly
that's how we live

[Chorus]

[Master P/Silkk]
No Limit say what? I'm what say what? 
New Orleans say what? I'm what say what? 
South side say what? Ugh! I'm what say what? 
East side say what? I'm what say what? 
West coast say what? I'm what say what? 
North side say what? I'm what say what? 
Silkk The Shocker say what? I'm what say what? 
No Limit say what? I'm what say what? 
Ha ha, playas, congratulate, 
ain't no hatin on this side, where the money at? 
That's what hustlin is about, you heard me? 
Master P, Silkk The Shocker, hustlin till the izend, 
movin thangs how we get it, we gonna get it, how we livin.