[Snoop Doggy Dogg Talking]
No Limit, yeah southern hospitality we seizin it on you, my nigga Silkk 
The Shocker, Snoop D,O double G,Y, D,O double G, beats by the pizound, 
you know what I'm sayin? From the NO to the LBC.

[chorus]
[Snoop]
All my real gangstas throw yo hood up
throw yo hood up, throw yo hood up
[Silkk]
Now to all my real soldiers throw yo hood up
throw yo hood up, throw yo hood up

[Snoop]
Fancy cars, diamond rings, bad ass bitches
lots of cocaine, smokin on the best bud
givin up that west love
got them bitches shakin they ass, all in the club

[Silkk]
Now some call us the players, others call us the pimps
so on the level lets talk about hoes
some hoes dig us an lets talk about pimp shhh
you know we don't show no tricks or bitch niggas no love
you should know all the way to Snoop
nigga pimpin's all up in our blood

[Snoop]
Now trip this for a second nigga
I'm bout to drop some more pimp shit on yo ass
have you ever slapped a bitch?
Have you ever counted over a thousand dollars in cash?
Nigga if you ain't never did that shit before
get the fuck up out my face, 'fore
I have to pull this tray 8 up out my muthafuckin waist

[Silkk]
An if you don't do it, I'm a do it
these niggas be talkin so bad, an ???
I could slap a bitch, like I had a million dollars in cash
so it ain't no thang, bitch backed up
give a nigga some room before I bust
I give a fuck about a hoe, I might get a fuckin nut
get tha fuck an get up, throw it up

[chorus x2]

[Snoop]
It's the S,N double O, P
nigga an this is Silkk The Shocker
automatic with rockers, yo girl automatic gonna jock us
from the LB to the NO, represent
me an my camp for, blaze up like indo
like dirt up in a rental

[Silkk]
Nigga at the right place we caught you at the wrong time
an my team bout to beat you down, ain't no fuckin game
you threw up the wrong sign
see I went from hundred dollar rock spots
to umm, million dollar raps
I want a 1.5 from the day I turn this debt

[Snoop]
Now Peter Piper picked peppers, while I pimped hoes
an my white drop rolls, an it's sittin on vogues
Jack was nimble, was nimble
nigga he was a bitch, let niggas smack him
punk him, an jackin his shit, when you in it, you gotta get ignit
cuz niggas will play you, lay you, then they spray you
ok you, gotta little money an you figure you hard
you bought two pitbulls for your big backyard
now let me be frank with you, in this game
you betta have a lotta homies, some straps an a tank
with you, cuz these niggas they be playin for keeps
while you sleepin, they creepin, that's word to my mama

[chorus]
All my real gangstas, I'm what, nigga what?
All my real soldiers, I'm what, nigga what?

[Verse 3]

[Silkk]
I'm a G-A-N-S-T to the A
I got niggas throwin up they hood from NY to ZA
I probably won't get five mics cuz I hurt this much
but they don't understand, that's why I'm worth this much
see all my real ass soldiers grab yo shit an act bad
an all my real niggas grab the guns, weed, an 
my mission to cash, see y'all busters can't hold me down
like the police they had the wrong guy an if I tell you somethin
believe it like you seen it with your own eyes
damn tell you what, meanin what?
See I make gangsta shit they wanna tell us clean it up
now I walked in, straight up outta some thuggish shit
don't tell me nothin to be here try to tear the club up bitch
now don't have me trade the mutha fuckin tape for the crack
don't have me go back to tradin the mic for the gat
(see you love them hoes back in the days)
nigga please, you gonna fall back like ? without a sack
so either fall back on keys or fourty g's
see I'm bout bigger paydays, I don't set trip, I set clips into AK's
see I done shit bitch, not see me go, I run shit bitch
like a CEO, now Snoop how you spell gangsta?  Spell it DPG
an I spell soldier N-O-L-I,M-I to the T
(That's cuz we different riders)

[Master P]
What? I'm nigga, nigga what? I'm nigga what, I'm nigga, what, what?
I'm nigga what? I'm nigga, nigga what? I'm nigga what, I'm nigga, nigga 
what? From the NO to the L-B, B, haha, from the east to the west coast, 
to that dirty mutha fuckin south, to the nizorth, my little brother 
Silkk The Shizocker, an Snoop. (Real niggas unite you heard me?) That's 
how we do it nigga, playas fool, now destroyed them mutha fuckin 
enemies.