Faith, works and unconditional love -
No bad mind, no hatred, no envy and no grudge.
Babylon destroy, your minds they want to corrupt,
But InI have got to reach the higher heights up above.

Things will never be the same,
Old doors close, new doors opening.
The life we led in the past, we've got to rearrange;
People treat life as it is a game.
Work hard to change the people's mentality,
The way the world is going now, it's insanity.
Live the life you love and don't go on so greedy,
Help the children to grow up and things will change speedily with

Faith, works and unconditional love
No bad mind, no hatred, no envy and no grudge.
Babylon destroy, your minds they want to corrupt,
But InI have got to reach the higher heights up above.

Hit the street and give a hand to
those you meet who need your speech to
lift their feet to rise and drag them
selves from the mud.
Be discreet so you won't ever meet defeat
for Jah will seat we won't retreat
and Babylon can't come out on top.
Faith without works that is death,
when you work you breathe hard so
InI give thanks for every breath.
I only fear is Jah judgment.
Try your best to live upright so that you don't
end up in hell with.

Faith, works and unconditional love
No bad mind, no hatred, no envy, and no grudge.
Babylon destroy your minds they want to corrupt,
But InI have got to reach the higher heights up above.

If a hawk can fly and show it's love
with songs of praise and giving thanks
along 395's polluted 10-lane highways -
And if a man like twice your age
can clean your house for minimum wage
and still somehow greet life with a big smile on his face...
Then why can't we just show respect
for all things with no neglect and realize
that love it is the only way?
Then why can't we accept the fact we're lucky,
we need to give back - we're foolish for not
humbling ourselves every day with 

Faith, works and unconditional love
No bad mind, no hatred, no envy, and no grudge.
Babylon destroy your minds they want to corrupt.
But InI have got to reach the higher heights up above.