Yeah Jo
I - l - I'm, Crunk like the hemi Can't believe I did it room spinnin' everybody looking at me saying damn he gone.
But it be like this every night, all the time I ain't even lying.
Aye sweetie I - I know you see me why you acting all conceded, come and take a sip of this here patron!
And get your head right, get off that red light, show me what you feel like.

[Chorus:]
Cause I know you can't (Aye), you can't (Aye)
Resist and let it kick in, Don't try to pretend you know your Onnn!
Lil mama let me put you on (ohh), go head and get up in your zone
Cause I know you can't (Aye), you can't (Aye)
Resist to let it kick in, Don't try to pretend you know your Onnn!
Ain't you glad I put you on (ohh), I got you all up in your zone

[Verse:]
Now I don't mind the sharin, I'm trying figure out what I'm a do with all this bread
I know you down with it and Hey! It's on me I'm horny shorty tell me is you rolling what's it gone be?
If you ain't worried about the cards you were dealt, in your hand that you play. Say you can walk it and talk it, there it is enough said.
I ain't tripping lil lady if you scared say you scared
But I see it in your eyes, you just don't wanna hurt

[Chorus]

[Hook:]
Now if I see ya shorty, I'm a buy you a drink and if they ask about your tab tell em it's on me
Now you can drink it slow, or take it straight to the head – if you didn't hear me clearly then I'll repeat what I said.
Now if I see ya shorty, I'm a buy you a drink and if they ask about your tab tell em it's on me.
Now you can drink it slow, or take it straight to the head - It don't really matter just as long as you heard what I said.

[Verse: Lil' Wayne]
(Look here Shawty)
Um let me put you on that crunk shit, deep in the dirty Yup, dirty like some skunk piss
I bet you won't miss my lac because that bitch's candy, brown soft leather seats sandy like Miami.
And it be slantin, the phantom be bammin and I step up out that bitch like I just landed
Cause I'm flyer than everybody in your damn family, now girl shake that booty meat and I'm a make a sandwich
Ketchup, mustard, mayonnaise, syrup and crunk juice
I'm sitting on shaq's so they let my dunk through
My name is weezy baby, and don't forget the baby.
If you forget the baby, I'm a forget you baby.

[Chorus till song fades]