[Talking]
Ha ha ha, I don't believe it
Da, da, ah, ah don't touch it
Hey, Ray, hey, Sugar, tell them who we are...

Well, we're big rock singers
We got golden fingers
And we're loved everywhere we go...(That sounds like us)
We sing about beauty and we sing about truth
At ten thousand dollars a show...(Right)
We take all kinds of pills that give us all kind of thrills
But the thrill we've never known
Is the thrill that'll getcha when you get your picture
On the cover of the Rollin' Stone

(Rollin' Stone...) Wanna see my picture on the cover
(Stone...) Wanna buy five copies for my mother...(Yes)
(Stone...) Wanna see my smilin' face
On the cover of the Rollin' Stone...(That's a very very good idea)

I got a freaky ole lady name a Cocaine Katy
Who embroiders on my jeans
I got my poor ole grey haired daddy
Drivin' my limousine
Now it's all designed to blow our minds
But our minds won't really be blown
Like the blow that'll gitcha when you get your picture
On the cover of the Rollin' Stone

(Rollin' Stone...) Wanna see our pictures on the cover
(Stone...) Wanna buy five copies for our mothers...(Yeah)
(Stone...) Wanna see my smilin face
On the cover of the Rollin' Stone

[Talking]
Hey, I know how
Rock and roll...

[Instrumental]

Ah, that's beautiful

We got a lot of little teenage blue eyed groupies
Who do anything we say
We got a genu-wine Indian Guru
Who's teaching us a better way
We got all the friends that money can buy
So we never have to be alone
And we keep gettin' richer but we can't get our picture
On the cover of the Rollin' Stone

(Rollin' Stone...) Wanna see my picture on the cover
(Stone...) Wanna buy five copies for my mother...(Wa wa)
(Stone...) Wanna see my smilin' face
On the cover of the Rollin' Stone
On the cover of the Rollin'...
(Stone...) Wanna see my picture on the cover

[Talking]
I don't know why we ain't on the cover, baby...

(Stone...) Wanna buy five copies for my mother

[Talking]
We're beautiful subjects...

(Stone...) Wanna see my smilin' face

[Talking]
I ain't kiddin', we would make a beautiful cover...

On the cover of the Rollin' Stone...

[Talking]
Fresh shot, right up front, man...
I can see it now, we'll be up in the front...
Smilin', man...
Ahh, beautiful...