[News, Television, Reporters]
It's been described almost like a trash soup.

They're calling this the great garbage patch of the pacific.

Now a floating island or several floating islands of rubbish, including everything from homes, to crushed cars, and even bodies.

If we don't change, where does this end?

[Intro - Godemis]
Planet home is dying, mother earth is sick.
And we're the reason she's about to croak, I hope it sticks.
Nobody gave a qualm or fuck about the weather.
So rain, hail, sleet, or snow we're going out together.
And it will be forever, and it will be for all,
Suck it up and take your breath, when it's the final curtain call, Yall.

[Godemis]
We bottle everything and I think I'm bottomin' out.
Got a bunch of stupid shit that I would've been good without.
Could've took the high road but I felt like I had to have it.
Are we hard wired or am I coppin' shit out of habit?
We consumers, surprised we didn't notice it any sooner.
It's heatin' up, they tell you that global warming's a rumor.
A myth or, is it my frame of logic is piss poor?
Is any understanding of it too much to wish for?
I mean I'm not about to start up a rally,
But be honest, neither are you cause we don't want it that badly.
It's sad, people pretend like this shit they usin' just disappears,
As if it doesn't accumulate every fiscal year.
Shit don't evaporate, vanish without a trace,
There's an island made of trash, you can spot it from outer space, Gnarly.
Fuck it all, we fuckin' the planet raw,
In a place for each in all, it's a planet I don't recall, at all.
We all people, phones stuck in our hands,
With these gluttons chewin' the fat, what the fuck are they sayin'?
I don't know.
Could it be we've been a victim of every gimmick?
They just put the tools in place and let everybody else spin it?
When it comes down to it we are ass.
In comparison to the planet (pimpin'), we are trash,
Of a virus, what have you a new mutation,
I view it all in front of a youtube nation.

[News, Television, Reporters]
An oil leak the size of Houston.

The worst oil spill in history.

It looks like everything's dead.

Though doesn't it calculate at 206 million gallons?

80 square miles of devastation

9 times more oil than what used to be the biggest spill ever.

No amount of money can fix the damage that's already been done to the environment.

There is no reason to suggest that it will ever slow down.

[Ubiquitous]
How come nobody ever asks what if this fails?
Nothing is infinite tips scales.
Our ships sails, we should have listened to Ishmael.
Now we're standing at the stake, feeling the flames rise,
The people are day sharing a similar state of mind.
Say as long as I'm in charge why starve, I buy at large.
The human race is on autopilot to sayonara.
Antarctica's demise provides the higher tide.
Climate change became societal cyanide.
Sign of the time, end of days, cometh at last light.
London under the black plague, covered in rats.
Oil spillin' in the gulf coast bubblin' in black.
Earthquake in cities collapse under rubble and ash.
Mother nature set a crash course, run in its path.
We dare to stand in her way, and she cut us in half.
Calamity crept in while humanity slept.
The hurricane sandy effect to get your sanity test.
The television projects more panic and stress.
Conquestin' for pestilence, war, famine, and death.
Now that hour is 13, you see the storms form,
Our winters became warm, we have been forewarned.
Our summers are so long, we're staring at the news, confused.
Waiting patiently for something to go wrong.
Lacking competence or common sense,
Procrastination is slowly paving the way for to this era of consequence, [Ess]

[News, Television, Reporters]
Half a million people are still without power.

And it doesn't decompose. A graveyard of trash. 3.5 million tons of it.

This could be the deadliest [class] of it's kind.

Public transport system remains paralyzed. 10 subway tunnels were flooded. They're desperately trying to pump water out

A city synonymous with summer fun, is now a city completely submerged.

Texas parks and wildlife tonight tells us that the raising temperatures may be responsible for this. Thousands of dead fish that have washed ashore all along Galveston highland.

An international group of scientific experts came out today and said in no uncertain terms, global warming is real and it's almost certainly caused by what we humans do to this planet.