Yeah, one two
Yeah, it's the God of the Serengeti
I'm the god of the seven deadly
Immortal Technique, Poison Pen what up?
G.O.D, Jus Allah
Tony Kenyatta, what up baby?

Supreme Godhead, gutter like poverty
Righteous man is one of forty six parts prophecy
It’s epicyclical orbit like the hypotheses
It’s metaphysics that borders on the philosophy
Another song of yours is just another disaster
Another verse of mine is just another cadaver
You could call it a Genesis of another chapter
You could call it the venom that’s from the troubled rapper
The same rapper that was known for just smashing your face in
Who is God? What’s material manifestation?
I’m indestructible, my actions are that of a Mason
Yamasee Native American tribe of relations
The judge threw the book at me, I take it in blood
The rook move horizontally, basically drugs
A nation of intellectuals, a nation of thugs
Jesus is hate, a nation of Satan is love

[Poison Pen:]
With a fist full of twenties, got my mind right
With a fifth full of henny, we Team Homicide
We swing side to side, so what’s happening’?
So what’s crackin’? So what’s stackin’?
If we falling out, then we brawling out
Vinnie chalk ‘em out, ain’t nothing to talk about
Team Homicide, swing side to side, so what’s happening’?
Yo, what’s happening? It’s all that shit...

[Immortal Technique:]
Me and my conglomerates shall survive Apocalypse
I charge a price for telling people what the process is
Living in a world where dictatorship is obvious
Natural resources running out for the populace
Murder doesn’t need a lobbyist or an ambassador
Ask the survivors of the Mỹ Lai massacre
‘Back to the Future’ without the flux capacitor
Kill you for the gold like Colonel Gaddafi characters
You bath salt sniffin’ zombies fuckin' a stranger
Navajo skin walkers, nigga, I’m a face changer
Surgically remove your heart, bury it at Wounded Knee
A microcosm of the graveyard that Earth is soon to be
A eulogy for those chasing cars and jewelry
I’m stocking food and water cause shit ain't what it used to be
I’m motivated like Buster Douglas when his mother died
Border Patrol, nigga, see you on the other side

[Poison Pen:]
With a fist full of twenties, got my mind right
With a fifth full of henny, we Team Homicide
We swing side to side, so what’s happening’?
So what’s crackin’? So what’s stackin’?
If we falling out, then we brawling out
Vinnie chalk ‘em out, ain’t nothing to talk about
Team Homicide, swing side to side, so what’s happening’?
Yo, what’s happening? It’s all that shit...