Some people wake up late, I wake up mad late
All the time hung over. It's a sad state
I love liquor. She's my bitch and her ass great
But I don't remember anything from our last date
I wipe the sleep from my eyes and I peep my phone
20 texts, 30 calls, just leave me alone
My head pounding like crazy. I need some Patrón
That’s the hair of the dog. God need a bone
Kiss my mama on the cheek. She look beautiful
(Vinnie, you're a mess. What I'm gonna do with you?)
I know you cooking something
(Yeah, I made some food for you
Manicotti, braciole, and some prosciutto too)
I told you wild times, ma. I don't fuck with pork
Please pass the Locatelli and a bunch of salt
The phone ring. It's the police, but who would've thought
This motherfuckin' pig tellin' me I'm due in court

Every time that I feel this shit is goin' my way
Something come along and fuck up my day
I had a rhyme in my mind. Now there's nothing to say
And cousin, that just fucked up my day
Driving down the block. Someone cut in my way
That shit went and fucked up my day
Rap critics, they always got something to say
I would never let that fuck up my day

I don't know where the fuck I'm at today
I drank a couple of bottles. I guess I have to pay
This bitch laying next to me, she look like Cassius Clay
Gotta get outta here before she ask me to stay
I don't know how I got here in the first place
She had a bangin' body but she had the worst face
I guess I act like an animal. I deserve hate
She must've lured me in with white like she was third base
It ain't hard to convince me to do some dumb shit
Especially when I'm on that get high and drunk shit
That's why Vinnie always end up with a dumb bitch
The only thing I'm never on is on some punk shit
I'm on the other side of town and I'm walkin' dolo
Panerai watch, Gucci kicks, lots of Polo
Goons ran up on a kid, put the gat to my dome
I was caught slippin'. I left the ratchet at home

Every time that I feel this shit is goin' my way
Something come along and fuck up my day
I had a rhyme in my mind. Now there's nothing to say
And cousin, that just fucked up my day
Driving down the block. Someone cut in my way
That shit went and fucked up my day
Rap critics, they always got something to say
I would never let that fuck up my day