I'm running around the globe havin the time of my life
Its no others its my brothers and we shine every night
I ain't makin any moves unless the timin is right
And my objective is to have my﻿ mother shining in ice
I roll 4 5 6 on the grind with the dice
And just stay away from Vinnie thats my kindest advice
I'm Mike Tys' versus Spinks, lord I'm dyin to fight
I drink drugs smoke alcohol my mind isn't right
Eternal sunsine of the spotless mind in my sight
I knock buildings over like I was Osama on flights
I would dream about jordans I﻿ would die for the nikes
We ain't had the money but my mother buy me the nikes
You see I'm mean real mean like how Gandhi was nice
I hustle hard real hard with the china thats white
I don't fuck with yall, you simply garbage on mics
I would kill myself pray give my father his life

See I was born in the killin' fields
It took me a while to manifest how I really feel
I'm from Philly automatically a bigger deal
I was always with a Lench Mob Chilly Chill
See, it's a brand new funk that was really will
I love rap its always been my Achilles' heel
Merkin another rapper well thats a silly kill
I just tell the pussy back﻿ off really chill
I live in gun land, home﻿ in 9 milly vill
And I'm a Pun fan greatest rapper really ill
I don't judge music, whatever you feel you feel
I make drug music, whatever I deal I deal
Smoke L's and wakata I will a really build
I got a brother thats a g he will really pill
I'm an ape, I'm a monkey, I'm guerilla-willed
I got hate, I'm a junkie, I'm a killers thrill

Yeah man…it’s Pazienza. I’m out here, still shining and shit. You know what i mean?. The Official Pistol Gang. All day. Sippin' on somethin'(sound of ice shaking in a glass). Ya’ll hear that. That’s the ice in tha cup…you know what I mean? Buildin' with the old-timers. Pazienza. I’m an old-soul muthafuka. Ya’ll are all juice boxes. Sucka rappers. Never that here. (vinnie laughs and then just starts singing the musical notes) I’m shining…I’m grinding…I’m shining…I’m grinding…(another vinnie laugh) I’m up in here with my cousins, man. Stoupe, Stallone, Sinatra. They got me in my bag. I’m drunk. I’m singing muthafuckas…”