“The only reward of those who make war upon Allah, and His messenger, and strive after corruption in the land, will be that they will be killed or crucified, or have their hands and feet on alternate sides cut off, or will be expelled out of the land. Such will be their degradation in the world, and in the Hereafter theirs will be an awful doom!”

If you listen to me then you know my father was G
And the apple don't fall too far from the tree
Me and you is different as we can possibly be
Me and you is just different philosophically
I don't think its anybody as obnoxious as me
I don’t think that anybody else could parted the sea
I don’t think that you wanna discuss the horror with me
If I was you I’d move a little bit more farther from me
It ain’t nobody living more of a sergeant than me
It ain’t nobody alive more of a prophet than me
It ain’t nobody living possibly rocking with me
On the stage, in the studio, or boxing with me
Every second I’m awake there is a toxin in me
Anti-depressants, Suboxone, Oxycontin in me
Only a stupid motherfucker have a problem with me
Cause he don’t know I got the fucking problem-solver with me

[x4]
I was washed in the blood of the lamb
Whoever touches my hand gonna leave enough blood in the sand
I was washed in the blood of the lamb
Whoever fuck with my fam suffering. A motherfucker should scram

I slaughter anything I get my hands on
Inside the Church of Anton with bloody pants on
I was in the land of Israel and heard ram’s horn
I was in the sand with Ishmael and fought the sandstorm
I’m just waiting for the raven to thaw
Cause I don’t argue with Mesopotamian law
I submit my will and faith into the grace of Allah
And the Mayan calendar say it’s erasing us all
The four-fifth: you should see this thing. It’s berserk
And y’all are royalty inside a fucking kingdom of dirt
How are y’all original when y’all ain’t think of it first?
I just wish I could put everything I think into verse
But instead I decide to drink in a Russian bar
I’m Rasputin, I’m influencing a Russian Tsar
I’m Dave Lombardo on drums. Leave the percussion scarred
I drink the bottle to the bottom. Put my trust in God

[x2]
I was washed in the blood of the lamb
Whoever touches my hand gonna leave enough blood in the sand
I was washed in the blood of the lamb
Whoever fuck with my fam suffering. A motherfucker should scram

Kill them whenever you confront them, and drive them out from where they drove you out! For though killing is sinful, wrongful persecution is even worse than killing. Do not fight against them near the holy mosque, unless they fight against you. But if they fight against you, kill them, for that is the reward of such unbelievers. Pazienza! Fourth disciple! The Assassin's creed! Official Pistol Gang! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!