Your parents told you that we don't exist. 
Well, how in the world do you explain this. 
We're gonna eat you like we ate your neighbor Nathan. 
He tasted like waffles, gummy bears, and turkey bacon. 
We'll forge a letter in your handwriting to say, 
You hate your family, so you ran away! 

Sleep, Sleep, Sleep, Sleep Tight (You're gonna get your beauty rest tonight) 
Sleep, Sleep, Sleep Tight (You'll only think right in the morning light) 
Sleep, Sleep, Sleep, Sleep Tight (Sweet dreams bring peace of mind) 
Sleep, Sleep, Sleep Tight (Sleep, Sleep, Sleep, Sleep, Sleep, Sleep Tight) 

Whoopty freakin' doo, look who lost a tooth today, hey. 
You've done nothing, but you expect to be paid. 
I bet you don't even know what we do with the tooth. 
We grind it up and they put it in fast food. 
And the money that we leave behind isn't even real, 
It's printed on an ink jet, a counterfeit bill. 

Sleep, Sleep, Sleep, Sleep Tight (You're gonna get your good beauty rest tonight) 
Sleep, Sleep, Sleep Tight (You'll only think right in the morning light) 
Sleep, Sleep, Sleep, Sleep Tight (Sweet dreams bring peace of mind) 
Sleep, Sleep, Sleep Tight (Sleep, Sleep, Sleep, Sleep, Sleep, Sleep Tight) 

You're an old man, I'm the sand man. 
Your dreams are in my hands. 
I can make you dream any dream that a man can. 
Be a front man for a blues band, 
Have a younger man's prostate gland, 
Or make you show up naked for your final exam. 
But tonight I plan to transport you to an ancient land, 
Where you'll rescue a maiden from an evil man's hand. 

Sleep, Sleep, Sleep, Sleep Tight (You're gonna get your beauty rest tonight) 
Sleep, Sleep, Sleep Tight (You'll only think right in the morning light) 
Sleep, Sleep, Sleep, Sleep Tight (Sweet dreams bring peace of mind) 
Sleep, Sleep, Sleep Tight (Sleep, Sleep, Sleep, Sleep, Sleep, Sleep Tight) 

Fresh out of prison, looking for some stuff to lift. 
This time tomorrow it'll be on Craig's List. 
Psst. Hey. Shh. 
What. Shh. 
Sorry. 
What's that? 
Do you think this would make me look fat? 
can you help me get this thing through the window, 
It's our ticket to the Antique's Road Show. 
Uh-oh