All the kids are filing out
But I'm just showing up
For my first day at work

I've always loved large animals and I'm really into robots
And those are just two of the perks

Look, there's Bonnie the Bunny
Freddy the Bear
Chica the Chicken (or is she a duck)
I don't care
It's the whole game

Don't worry guys I'm gonna keep you safe
Look in my eyes, everything's gonna be OK

Uh... uh okay, you can stop lookin' into my eyes... it's getting kinda creepy

Ring ring, ring ring!
Ah, I'm getting a call, put it on speaker

Hello, hello, friend.
Welcome to Freddy Fazbear's Pizzaria
It's your first day on the job,
I just wanted to call up and say
You are in no danger
No danger what-so-ever
Nothing bad could ever happen to you here,
you are not going to be killed in any way
By any of the animatronics
They're not gonna' drag ya' away,
they're not gonna' stuff you int' any Fresy Frazbears suits
Your eyes aren't gonna explode outta I yer' (excuse me) uh... yes?

If I may, uh, jump in. The part about killing me. Could you clarify that?

I'm sorry this is a pre-recorded message, you can't ask me any questions
Anyway this is all a whole bunch of elaborate backstory to basically set up a game that's just gonna jump scare you over and over again
So the whole world can see what a man-baby you are and scream like a little girl!
Also, you should probably close that door...
[Gasp]

Chica's in the window
Bonnie's leaning in
Judging by that camera
Freddy's not my friend

They don't look so happy
But nothing can go wrong
If I keep both of these doors down
And all of the lights on

The power's gone

Five nights at Freddy's
Getting one-twenty a week
And they're not even responsible for dismemberment or injury

I only need one night to know
That I don't want night two
Or have my body mangled, crushed and stuffed inside a Freddy Fazbear suit

I'm not working Five Nights at Freddy's
I'm quitting this job
Who wants minimal wage
To get murdered by a robot mob

I only need one night to know
That I don't want night two
Or have my eyes protrude out of the eye holes of a animatronic suit.

Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!