Say, I'm a rappin motherfucker, fuck that,
I'm a trappin motherfucker, I make it happen, motherfucker,
I win again, put my niggas on. If you say you ain't eatin, to each it's own.
I don't owe you shit, what you do for me?
You ain't sell this work, you ain't shoot for me.
And the nigga teared me down when I ain't around.
But when I pull up is the other way around.
Real nigga this, real nigga that,
Real niggas treat me with respect and you're a pussy, nigga.

So keep looking, nigga, keep your word to yourself before they have to book a nigga.
Man I shook a nigga, took a nigga birds
'Cause I take offense to nigga's words. Watch your mouth, homie.
One nigga hating on my grind,
I'm from the city but they don't want me to shine.
I don't get it, niggas trying to hold me down,
I think they don't want me to climb to the top,
But they're plan decline.

I'm in war with my enemies, watching niggas who close to me,
My young nigga is ride or die and this how it 'pose to be.
The hate at a all-time high, I'm keeping that toast with me,
It's shoot first ask question later, 'cause that's how it 'pose to be.

And every day I wake up I face the haters
No it don't 'pose to be this way
Even my own home boys, they're playing games, lord,
And describe, I put 'em in their place.
If I kill a nigga will they repent my sins?
Hustling day and night, I try to get a new biz
Is you an enemy or friend?

What I'm supposed to do, back against the wall,
Strap on my dog, real me, blind if I don't fall.
They say when the smoke clear lot of niggas they won't be around.
My young niggas, down, homie, down. Thug life.
Outlaw, feeling like I'm pac,
Put that strap on his ass, then the nigga in state of shock.
Ambulance came, then it take his ass to the doc,
And when the white boy come, nigga, I ain't trying to talk.
Is CMG for life, exercise your muscle, you gotta tie your hustle.
Get your money, my nigga, don't get caught in the shuffle.
I play the cars I would deal, I bet it all and double,
And I never lost money to suckers, how real is dat.

Every day I wake up I face the haters
Knowing I'm not forced to be this way.
Even my own home boys, they're playing games, dog,
And describe, I put 'em in their place.
If I kill a nigga will they rip in my scenes?
Hustling day and night, I try to get a new this,
Is you an enemy or friend?

I'm in war with my enemies, watching niggas so close to me,
My young nigga is riding that and this I ain't forced to be.
They're hating the ulti-high, I'm keeping it all for me,
Is you first to question later, 'cause this I ain't forced to be.