I gotta stay consistent niggas know they like the sound
And if the bitch thick then Imma dick the bitch down
Niggas start cuffing hoes soon as I come around
You tryna save the hoe she fucking soon as you ain't around
(You tryna save the hoe she fucking soon as you ain't round)

I just wanna fuck your bestfriend for one night only (only) and when I fuck your bestfriend you better not fuck my homie (homie)
Just wanna fuck your bestfriend for one night only (only) you think that bitch your bestriend, but she be all on me (on me)

I just wanna touch da bitch, fuck da bitch,
Like a bud don't trust the bitch.
Never on no sucka shit make a fuck another bitch name Kesha, thats my cousin bitch keep it in the family
He fucked her first he fucked again, but then he passed the bitch to me.
Tristian was a christian bitch psycho kind of mistress bitch i always wondered what she do cause she had all kind of shit.
Balllinnn NBA niggas they took care of the bitch.
Some how she always fuck with me and I don't give her no dick.
So [?] I ain't gon say no names bitch, but your bestfriend eshia....head off the chain bitch.
Asked you bout a 3-some you was on some lame shit now you on MTO guess you want some things bitch
I got a cruch on your bestfriend, thing for your sista shooting at these hoes like a ratified pistol.
I almost had the bitch the other night but I missed her next time I'm shooting at that bitch with a mistle.
These bitches talk to much, good thing I ain't a trick these bitches cost to much.
They say I floss to much I let my whip get them hoes, I let my swag do the talking, my eyes take off they clothes.

I wanna fuck your bestfriend for one night only (only) and if I fuck your bestfriend you better not fuck my homie (homie)
I wanna fuck your bestfriend for one night only (only) you think that bitch your bestriend, but she be all on me (on me)

You know how the story go, bitches'll do anything you ain't been married a whole month she fucked your best man.
I wanna fuck your bestriend sonya, home girl tonya seen her in the club walked up on her said I want her.
That bitch was gun thick fuck the dumb shit I'm tryna smash on her shawty was petite but now she got a ass on her
Tonight can be the night we have a one night stand, if you really like a nigga bring your 2 bestfriends.
I'm in the streets tryna get it you complaining and bitching hoe you getting on my nerves thats why I fucked your beautician
I had this red bitch jessica, my partner end up cuffing her but I can still fuck the bitch even though he in love wit her.

I just wanna fuck your bestfriend for one night only (only) and when I fuck your bestfriend you better not fuck my homie (homie)
Just wanna fuck your bestfriend for one night only (only) you think that bitch your bestriend, but she be all on me (on me)