First of the month, the trap be jumping like a Gotti show,
Strapped up shawty girls on deck everywhere that Gotti go.
Long hair, super fine, she must be a Gotti hoe,
Two mil' for the deal, yeah, that's that new Bugatti flow.
House look like a mini mall, driveway like a dealership,
Niggas from Afghanistan they got them banana clips,
Yellow gold Rolley watch yelling that Ferrari drop.
Pulled up with my shirt off up in 48 the parking lot,
V-neck and my true's on, sipping on that Don P,
Walking like on Mardi Gras, yeah, I ride 100 deep.
Hundred deep, hundred bands, had to fuck a hundred freaks.
Understood you know be fucking and sucking to get in the club with me.
Let me see you represent your hood, twist your fingers up,
Pistols in the club and we gonna bang, we don't give a fuck.
Bottles of champagne, doing my thing, time to celebrate,
Haters looking mad across the room, fuck it, let 'em hate.

Purple flowers, fuck you, boy, you a coward,
My shades five bands, my shoes 'bout a thousand, my t-shirt 600,
I'm standing on the couches,
Purple flowers, fuck, boy, you a coward.
My shade's five bands, my earrings fifty thousand, my t-shirt 600,
I'm standing on the couches, purple flowers,
I'm sipping on purple flowers, I said you be purple flowers,
And I fucked that bitch for an hour.

I'm a Rob Gotti when I see him, suicide attempt,
Balling on the niggas, pull so doping, bitch, I'm sure to kill.
Pull up in that 'rarri 360, bitch, I'm doing it.
Bullets doing the fucking windmill when that Yoppa speak.
All I do is ball, nigga, all I do is turn it up.
Let you nigga wipe these hoes all I do is burn it up.
I set appointment in the back of the lab,
Then I got on the phone, my niggas took over my mind.
Money took over my future, bitch, I'll pull up in that thing for life.
I'm back in the future and I got the niggas there to shoot you.
Smoking purple that super, we're rocking, suck it, medusa,
Us, real niggas is the rock, play with me and I'll do you.

Purple flowers, fuck you, boy, you a coward,
My shades five bands, my shoes 'bout a thousand, my t-shirt 600,
I'm standing on the couches,
Purple flowers, fuck, boy, you a coward.
My shade's five bands, my earrings fifty thousand, my t-shirt 600,
I'm standing on the couches, purple flowers,
I'm sipping on purple flowers, I said you be purple flowers,
And I fucked that bitch for an hour.

Purple flowers, purp, purp, purple flowers,
Purp, purp, purple flowers.
Purp, purp, purp, purple flowers.
Purple flowers, purp, purp, purple flowers.
Sipping on purple flowers
And I'm blowing on purple flowers.