[DJ Drama Intro]
You Knoe...
One of the oldest saying in the game is
You only as good as yo last hit
Therefore we gave you classic afta classic
Then they asked
Gotti Where The Album At?
We Been Giving You Albums
Go Ask The Streets

[Verse 1:]
I just talked to Boosie mama
Shit Fucked Up (Hello)
She Know I'm Praying For Ya Dawg Keep Ya Head Up (Keep ya Head Up Homie)
I Just called ta the city..
Young niggas still wit it
So This Summer Its Gone Be a Killing
Plus I got the feeling some pussy ass rappers gonna try to play me,
And the record label might not try to pay me.
But fuck it, I'm a spazz out, spazz out,
I think I'm a spazz out, spazz out!

[Verse 2:]
I just talked to my homie, said he ain't assed out
He got a chopper, and I know he's about to spazz out.
Put that white up for a minute brought that Grass Out
I'm Going Green On'nem Hoes ma Block a cash camp
I Put that white up
Drop that black and brought that mask out
These Niggas Still Talking Ignorant
I'm a crash out!
I'm about to crash out, I'm about to crash out!
A brand new beamer, a brand new phone and nigga cashed out
And if I have to shoot a nigga, I'm just gon bail out
Kick up my feet, watch bet and kush my self out
I never said a lot, labels say I held out
Cause I'm made 80k/week don't give a hell about!
The realest nigga walking my shows gon sell out
I'm talking chickens bitch, let's break the scale out
I'm about to spazz out, spazz out,
I think I'm a spazz out, spazz out!

[Verse 3:]
I put my mind in this shit
Grind in this shit
Blood, Sweat, and tears I put my time in this shit
Niggas took the easy route
I had to climb in this shit.
From Cocaine Muzik 1 to Cocaine Muzik number 6
I'm a spazz out, spazz out,
Fuck it, I'm a spazz out, spazz out!
And this that cocaine muzik Fuck It
I'm about to lose it,
Mac 19 extended clips niggas gon make me use it
I'm a beat that pussy up bitch, I'll talmbout bruise it...
Spank that ass...and beat beat it up
Cocaine muzik

[Verse 4:]
Hold on, stop the beat, cut me up
Make sure niggas hear me clear
This is my acceptance speech!
I'm the gangsta of the year
Thanks the soda, thank the kitchen
Thanks the... that show me love
Thanks the trap before I leave the stage, I must salute the plug
Thank the streets, thank every nigga that ever doubted me...
Thanks to beef kept me on my toes like I 'oughta be
Look at me balling now, right here I'm supposed to be,
Feds won't trap a nigga, hit me with conspiracy
Fuck it, do your job then
Broke, I'm a rob then
I need organized crime, we're a mob, then!
Bring the streets back like some hard then
This shit is real life, so I'm a put my heart in!
Gangsta of the year
Realest nigga of all time
Streets cast ya votes
It's nomination time
Gotti!