Turn on the lights I'm looking for her, girl of my dreams I'm just looking for her.
I'm looking for her, running round the streets out here looking for her.
They say she a stripper she don't pose to be your girl, but if I really like her dawg who cares what it was.
I think it don't matter she the girl of my dreams she a bad bitch and I just want her on my team.
Cut on the lights I'm looking for her met her in the club went in looking for her.

Cut off the lights
If you wanna live richer you gotta see the picture.
Cant get dollars forever girl gotta fuck a real nigga.
Hope you see the shit that I see in my eyes when I see em.
Hope you think the shit that I think in my mind and DM her.

Turn on the lights I'm looking for her.
I heard that pussy good and they tricking for her.
I heard she got a plan she just dancing on the side and when she get her money right she putting it to the side.

Turn on the lights I'm looking for her (I'm looking for herrr) I'm looking for her. [repeat]

Say I love my baby mama she don't never give me drama, went in my phone and found a number I was fuckin another woman
Say I'm sorry for the shit I put you through, but I'm a street nigga what the fuck I'm pose to do?
And when I bought that ghost I went in bought you one of em too, so you can kill them bitches everytime you pull up too
Turn off the lights.
This club packed this bitch is bad and I see sum red way in the backkk (backkk)
She say she a fan and if she fuck me she a groupie I said no you not girl that shit sound stupid.

Turn on the lights.
I'm looking for her a million miles away I send a ticket for her.
Sex on the beach, miami for her.
The way she make that noise I got a grammy for her.
See she a down bitch, a hold me down bitch, super fly chick, a ride or die bitch and I just wanna say I'm happy that you my bitch.
Ill never be ashamed so you can quit that shy shit.

And cut on the lights.
Cause I'm looking for her, I heard that pussy good and they tipping for her.
I heard she got a plan she just dancing on the side and when she get her money right she putting it to the side.

Turn on the lights I'm looking for her (I'm looking for herrr) I'm looking for her. [repeat]