I'm paranoid I hate to sleep alone
My minds playin' tricks, tryin' to break my zone
I lost a lot tryin' to reach the throne
Many nights I ain't make it home

She wants me there, It's like a need a clone
I try my best, no matter what it's like I'm always wrong
I guess that's why I wrote this song
Just hoping you would call my phone

Money hit my line
I'm on tour like all the time
Girl you know I'm on my grind
I just need some peace of mind

I hope she hear this shit and press rewind
We went our separate ways until next time
Time to race this marathon at times I feel a step behind
I take it as a lessoned learned, And then we cross the finish line
Thank God I woke up in the mornin'
See the sunshine through my blinds
At times I sit and reminisce
On all the things I left behind

Rest In pieces peace of mind
Someday we will reunited

This is the shit that your baby loves too
Promise that'll make a baby with you
Make a momma of you
Ain't no drama with you
My baby brings heat like a momma does too

I pay homage to you
And college for the babies
I'll even move your momma to the bahamas and maybe
I'll take you on the open road, you'll take me where the ocean goes

I'm getting cheesy on these jungle drums
I sound like wheezy on a million (a mili, a mili)
The moneys coming and I know it but,
The money doesn't have control of us

This is the shit, make you momma start cry in'
Not because she's sad, Cause her baby's alright
Her babys her pride, that baby's her life
And momma would break down if that baby did die

Rest in pieces peace of mind
Someday we will reunite, again
Rest in pieces peace of mind I hope that we will reunite

(Break, Break)
(Check, check, hey, hey, hey)
(Woah, Woah)

Oh, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
If you go, momma, where do we go?
And if you go, momma, what do we lose?
If we leave, momma, when do we breathe?
How do we eat? Where do we sleep?
If you go, momma, where do we go?
If you move, momma, what do we do?
Momma how do we breathe?
How do we eat?
Where do I go to sleep?
If you move, momma...

Oh, No
Where am I gonna go?
I need to go home
I need to go home

I came to party but they, they don't know when to stop
I came to party, but they, they don't know what she got
Like a whisper to me (like a whisper to me)
Rappers stay not caring (rappers stay not caring)
They be listenin' to me
I gotta get higher cause you're way up there
(Like a whisper to me, like a whisper to me)