[Intro:]
Put this on your iPod or CD-ROM
Download at only Futuristic dot... com
Bitch ass nigguuh

[Verse - Futuristic:]
Yo, who remember that show, that I did with MGK?
I was stage divin' signin' autographs on hats, titties and face! Ay
Frosted Flakes cause I'm great, I got punchlines by the crate
And I get so much brain, on my report card I got straight A's, hold up
Mothafuckas actin' like they don't know shit about me, hmmmm
Well there's a lot you could look up
JOP on every single video
We went to high school together so you know I got the hook up
Exploded on her like a soda... that's why she shook up
I'm in a lab, with a pen and a pad
Put on a track, sit back, watch this crack that I cook up
Who was there when I was nothin'? Nobody, I always been some'n
They in the background, but they frontin, Jackie Chan I'm always stuntin'
That's my music they're always bumpin', bad bitches I'm always humpin'
I hit it from the back 'til she collapse and her ass start krumpin', ha!
'Hell Yeah, Fuckin' Right', looking for a bad bitch I could fuck tonight
Hint that she wanted me to fuck for life
I tell her "Okay", but only fuck her twice
I'm fucking tight, my rhymes ill, y'all funny - Seinfeld
I do 9 shows, I find 9 hoes, and I bet that I'll take off 9 heels
Cause I'm real, complete and utter, you'll never meet another
W-T-F Gang-bang when I meet your mother!
Sendin' naked pics the only time we see each other
If you don't want a brother, well
I'm a need a freakin' rubber!
Schmang schmang, pow pow, I Chris Tucker these Juntaos
I'm Nick Cannon I wil' out, your game is over throw in the towel
I don't wanna say names, but all of you niggas lame
Fuck the clique you claim, and the shit you bang
You got a local fan base cause you been here your whole life
That's nice but nigga I'm on a plane
'Shut Up', who remembers my come-up?
Who remembers my broke ass when I had no food for my stom-ach?
Who remembers that schmang schmang, who remembers that sauce?
Who remembers 'Fuck You Mean' and all them videos I did bitch ass nigguuh?

[Outro:]
Who remembers 'Don't Mind If I Do'? Nigguuh
You already know who it is, WTF Gang in this bitch, ay, ay
Download at only Futuristic dot... com