[Verse 1:]
Who's dick do I gotta suck to get put on?
Glad I got your attention now
I would never do that shit
So if you comment, you a bitch
I vommit, you make sick
There's some shit, that I'm tryna figure out
How I sell more copies than they done gave away?
I never made a mixtape, I been there 'bout getting paid
These labels say I need to pick a sound
Bitch, I'm versatile
Man, them other gimmicks all gon' fade away
Gimme a check bitch, my check list getting checked off
Gimme a platform, hit a microphone, I kill shit 'til I can't talk
Put me on tour, I'm jumping around and I'm touching the crowd 'til I can't walk
If a ten fall, that's passion
That's frustration I ain't solved, that's real
I would kill a nigga who tried to stop me
They all diss me, but they carbon copies
In my city, I'm more loved than LeBron is in Cleveland
I'm shooting to reach my goals in the saint hockey
I ain't Rocky, I ain't Kobe, I ain't Floyd, but I am shortly
You don't support me? Then ignore me
I won't respond a diss track, niggas bore me
You are nobody, that shit is hella corny
I did Sway In The Morning, I had to drop they jaws
Sold out show, I performed when I was sick as a dog
Top ten on iTunes, we been climbing the charts
Not to mention the best verse in the Cypher Raw

[Hook:]
What the fuck I gotta do?
How much more I gotta prove?
What the fuck you niggas saying?
I did it on my own
Was a kid, now I'm grown
This is mine for the taken
I been mercking every rapper
You could tell the things I'm after
Motherfucker, I ain't playing
I feel like Jordan in the seventh grade
I didn't make the team
But I'm a legend in the making
I'm a legend in the making
I'm a legend in the making
I feel like Jordan in the seventh grade
I didn't make the team
But I'm a legend in the making
I'm a legend in the making
I'm a legend in the making
I feel like Jordan in the seventh grade
I didn't make the team
But I'm a legend in the making

[Verse 2:]
Twenty million views, man, that ain't enough
I ain't weird enough, I need to snort some angel dust
Grow a beard, I guess I shave to much
Me and my manager both got big mouths, I guess we say to much
How I feel about getting compared to other rappers?
Fuck that shit, they got a spot that I been coming after
Traveling Local, told my story, just another chapter
I keep it real, they just a bunch of actors
I had niggas getting mad, cause I'm opening [?] down the show
If you throw a jam, my nigga, I got a lot to throw
Niggas forget, I know your bitch, I'd probably hit, she told me, "shit, I didn't tell cause that's some shit that they are not to know"
What's with all these wack rapper getting a spotlight?
Y'all are brain washed, they are not tight
If I don't make by twenty-five, then I'm through
Take this tour money and go back to school
What I gotta do...

[Hook]