Look in my eyes and come catch a vibe, baby, I promise I got you tonight
Trapped in your phone screen, life gon' pass you
In one ear and out the other, with everything I ask you
You're a slave to your socials, make sure you take a picture with me, bitch, cause I'm poppin', post it up proper
All of them filters they got you lookin' like a model
What would you do if we went to a party way out in the desert and no one could reach you?
You ain't have nothin' but music and family and friends, all the people who actually need you
Do you really gotta check your phone every fuckin' two minutes?
Dance with me and let's have a drink, go crazy, don't care what people think
Leave the party take off your shoes, break all the rules and run down the beach
We can fuck in your daddy's car but don't Snapchat that, mhm
I don't have to edit no pics to see your ass is fat, mhm
Let's head back to the trap, get it fast, take a sip, call a Lyft, tell a joke, I'm a laugh
And you know I'm a spaz, no coke, I'm a pass, we could talk but I don't wanna know about your past
(What do you do?) Oh, I rap, don't act like you ain't know that
Got a email with a beat disattached (The fuckin' Wi-Fi went out)

I don't think my phone workin'
You can't have my passcode, that shit make me so nervous
Might pull out my Snapchat, look at all of these hoes twerkin'
What the fuck? I ain't got no service
I ain't got no service
I ain't got no service
No service
I ain't got no service

Like a black man durin' segregation, tryna get a table in a white neighborhood, no service
No shoes and I'm shirtless, shut down the Wi-Fi, I did it on purpose
Got a better purpose this evenin', plus everything you readin' misleadin'
Why you all up in their business, who cheatin'? I can make it disappear like Houdini
Why would you ask Siri, Mister Feenie? On a fence with experience he needed
To tell you about what you should believe in, you should be out here just achievin'
Sometimes your phone be the reason, that you are terrible at speakin'
Cause you only talk through a text but you freeze up soon as you meet 'em
Goddamn, I'm a hypocrite, lemme flip the script, you got me soundin' like an idiot
(Dude, isn't this album supposed to be called As Seen On The Internet?)
After you download this album, listen to it with no interruptions
Tell all of your friends to come over and have the dopest discussions

[Joe Swanson:] Ugh, oh, God, hey Peter, you didn't have any problems with this uh... new Futuristic album, did you?
[Peter Griffin:] Uh, no, no, did not
[Jason Stathem:] I'm Jason Stathem and there's not a lotta things that impress me but this album definitely took me by the balls and said, "Look here, this sure is something serious"
[Ted:] Futuristic, he can be a thunder buddy for me, I, I like this album so much I tell you what, I would tell everyone of my friends about it, every single one, what do you think? You tell me, God
[God:] Well guy, I told you I'm not God, I'm Morgan Freeman, there is not much that I like more than this song but maybe one thing and that's strawberry shortcakes, mm, mm, mm, I sure do love strawberry shortcakes
[Optimus Prime:] I am Optimus Prime, we must finish this Futuristic song, Autobots transform and roll out!

I don't think my phone workin'
You can't have my passcode, that shit make me so nervous
Might pull out my Snapchat, look at all of these hoes twerkin'
What the fuck? I ain't got no service
I ain't got no service
I ain't got no service
No service
I ain't got no service