[Part 1 - Pound Cake]

[Intro - Jimmy Smith:]
Good God Almighty. Like back in the old days. You know, years ago they had the A&R men to tell you what to play, how to play it and you know whether it's disco and rock but we just went in the studio and we did it. We had the champagne in the studio, of course, compliments of the company, and we just laid back and did it. So we hope you enjoy listening to this album half as much as we enjoyed playing it for you. Because we had a ball. Only real music is gonna last, all the other bullshit is here today and gone tomorrow...

[Verse:]
Yo, pound cake at the round table
Sugar coating the truth, so a nigga sound stable
Independent the death of them, we done drown labels
New kids is watching the movement, like they just found cable
Willing and able to put the work to get the results
Shit evolved problems, I'm solving without a friend to call
In the mall, they stopping a nigga to take a picture
At the club, I never paid for an entry, I guess this shit revolved
Uh, that's good karma, for a good dude
Upset with my position, it's hard to stay in a good mood
I skipped the typical thinking of young Americans
Honor student, who never gave a fuck about a good school
Good girl that I lost and then she turned bad
That shit happens everytime, right?
Okay, you lose a lot of people, when ambition isn't equal
They can't comprehend the thrill that you seek from getting the limelight
Rhymes tight, long nights, write meaningful flows
Other nights I surrounded myself with meaningless hoes
I'm tryna get rid of that feeling that you hide
There's a fine line between insanity and a genius though
Disobedient, devious so mischievous ingredients
To stay away from the songs that get tedious
Better than the previous step on stage in the medium
Dirty chucks, I never gave a fuck what the media shows
Needed to blow, I'm still needing a break
Beat from Drake so you'll listen to it
Futuristic got that message, there's a mission to it
Shows charge admission to them
You tripping, cause your car don't even pass emissions, do it?
Get some coolant, turn the key in the ignition
Stupid bitch, I'm on a roll
A nigga with my condition, couldn't get in my position
Killing beats is my tradition, fake shit gets omitted
To these blogs I submitted, they never seem to get it
But maybe they gon' dig it if this shit is a rendition
And my girl got class, but I tell her to act suspended
Since I got back from tour everything is hella different
Now people pay attention how I silence competition
Words of wisdom let the product do the talking, not your Facebook
Cause if you say you the greatest, then you cocky
But when other people say it, it's a great look, thanks


[Part 2 - Paris Morton Music 2]

[Verse:]
Dope, like I never did before
Different than everything you know
Make it fun, like pissing in the snow
But make it feel good, like kisses on your nose
Kitchen with a stove, no shirt, cooking bacon, be smart kids
Listen to my art switch, spitting since cartridge
In a Super Nintendo, Nintendo 64 that's that Mario Cart shit
Perfect dark bitch, change of heart, that's the game
Would she remain, if she knew you was getting brain, from a pretty young thing?
Listening to Lecrae, if all sins are equal, what's a forgivable mistake?
All flows is lame
Me? I'm like a pendant, that's sitting on the dresser
I guess that means, I'm of the chain
Off my rocker, off vodka, Molly popper, Molly whop ya, for the shit you not supposed to say
Will my fans leave when I change? We all do
Staying the same's a definition of insane
How'd I get put in the category with strange
Always thought I'd be in the category with Wayne, T-Pain
Glad that I bang, switch lanes, bumping my own thing
Piss stains, on your mattress, maybe you shouldn't have it
That's the point, you ain't changed since you was eight
You learn the most important shit in Pre-K
Young kids got sponge brains
Why the fuck they watching SpongeBob?
Why the fuck they playing dumb games?
Why the fuck do I be saying fuck?
Knowing that they look it up
That shit's bad for you
Why the fuck do you cook it up?
Look it up, Futuristic, I'm looking up