Yo, get off of yo ass, lil nigga
The whole world awaits you
Success ain't gon' chase you
First you gotta pay dues
Honestly, I'd hate to see you in a drive-thru
Cause I know you can do what I do
Cause I know you was born to fly too
Look around, man, there's nobody like you
Family strugglin', why you ain't hustlin'?
Friends doin' nothin', don't fuck with 'em
Shouldn't be stuck with 'em, best of luck to them
Get up, get out and get something, hook up again
You always procrastinatin'
That shit get me aggravated
You wake up and act complacent
Watch videos of girls when their ass is shakin'
Don't you want a girl in real life?
Don't you want a crib? You could fuck all night
Don't you wanna buy your mom something real nice?
Don't you wanna stunt? Live that life?
Don't you wanna pull up in a ride that you don't even drive?
Hop out the back like, "Surprise!"
Don't you wanna rock some kicks that don't nobody have?
And tell a lame nigga, "Be quiet"?

I'm not sayin' that that's all that matters
But you got dreams you should be chasin' after
But you got goals that you'll never achieve by chillin'
Thought you was about that action
Time move fast so you gotta move quicker
Or you gon' be thirty-two and it's gon' hit you
You ain't never really did nothin', you a frontin' ass nigga
You don't wanna be that nigga

The time is now (Right now)
The time is now
The time is now
The time is now
The time is now
The time is now
The time is now (Right now)

Yo, I was up in college, tryna get a little knowledge
And it hit me, this ain't for me
I need to be free, I need to be on the beat
Let me speak, influence, sometimes you gotta teach
You gotta compete, now I get paid for my words
So you take a second to think
Whoever said talk is cheap couldn't talk like me
Makin' six figures in a week, sheesh!
I got everybody sayin', "Sheesh!"
Go ahead and say it, "Sheesh!"
You ain't even gotta be a rapper
Just do what you love, let the rest follow after
That's how you'll be happy, I know from experience
Been workin' hard but don't take it too serious
No stressin' out, I run on with no periods
Wasted potential I see make me furious

The time is now (Right now)
The time is now
The time is now
The time is now
The time is now
The time is now
The time is now (Right now)

[Shia LeBeouf:]
Do it, just do it, don't let your dreams be dreams, yesterday, you said tomorrow, so just do it, make your dreams come true, just do it, some people dream success, while you're gonna wake up and work hard at it, nothing is impossible, you should get to the point where anyone else would quit, and you're not gonna stop there, no, what are you waiting for? Do it, just do it