[Intro - Futuristic:]
First and foremost, suck my dick, ho, yo

[Verse 1 - Futuristic:]
Listerine a pack of Orbit, Tic-Tacs and a virgin girl, everything I eat is fresh (tasty)
Travel the globe, making hella dough, killing hella shows, homie, I'm just tryna see what's next
She Snapchatted me her booty and it's juicy, so I hit her back, I'm just tryna see the rest
No, really, can I see the rest?
Not your face, bitch, I wanna see your breasts
Hot flow, in the winter, I can see my breath
Cold flow when it's spring, when the flowers bloom
All my white fans say the n-word
It's okay to use, but not if it's out of tune (nigga!)
Get it? Out of tune
That means, only say it if it's on a song
Sing along in the car, like I ride for my niggas, I'd die for my niggas
I feel like I can get it out of you
Hi, I'm Futuristic and I got a pretty big dick
And my songs are all explicit
Please, don't let your parents listen
Don't repeat the things I'm spitting
Cause you might just get suspended
And I'm 'bout to go on tour
You should probably buy a ticket, bitch

[Hook 1 - Futuristic:]
Watch yo mouth (Futuristic fucking sucks)
Watch yo mouth (the nigga sounds just like Childish Gambino)
Watch yo mouth
He's a bad mother...
Watch yo mouth (he ain't fucking with Lil B, cause)
Watch yo mouth (nigga softer than baby shit)
Watch yo mouth
Watch yo mouth (swear he's so corny)
He's a bad mother...
Watch yo mouth

[Verse 2 - Sam Lachow:]
Uh, Sammy daddy I've been creeping I admit it, seven day drug binge, ain't been to sleep in a minute, spent a week and I am preparation for a second bender, alchoholic in the summer, I'm a tweaker in the winter, uh
Got a mountain of loud, blow to bring them back up, weed to bring them back down
Drug raps got your whole team twerking
And your parents gonna try to make you buy the clean version
You're Netflix and Facebook and cheese puffs
I'm cocaine and blowjobs and real stuff
You take pics of kicks with gum bottoms
I take pics of tits with cum on them
Got a plaque on my wall and a mirror on the ceiling
I'm a fuck her 'til I hear her scream my name on the radio
Bottom of the barrel to being best on the map
Go from Malcolm in the middle to cooking meth in the trap
I am Sammy Chowder, candy flipping acid powder
I go crazy, I mean motherfucking wild with the flow
Futuristic, homie, you go Glen Coco
I'm just talking 'bout what everybody's thinking
Bought the fucking bar now we've got everybody drinking
Hey, Brain! What you wanna do today?
Same motherfucking thing we do everyday, Pinky!

[Hook 2 - Futuristic:]
Watch yo mouth
Watch yo mouth
Watch yo mouth
He's a bad mother...
Watch yo mouth
Watch yo mouth
Watch yo mouth
Watch yo mouth
He's a bad mother...
Watch yo mouth