[Intro:]
Yeah, you know who the fuck I be
Futuristic, Mr. WTF Gang, Mr. I Had To Do It
Mr. I Do All the Shit That You Can't Do lil nigguh
Sauce!

[Verse - Futuristic:]
Fuck 2 Chainz I got no chains, WTF that's a cold gang
Burn shit, propane, better stay inside your house like a snow day
Cause I kill tracks: OJ, you flow straight but you so gay
I don't even know how to read music but somehow I got that do re!
For me myself and I nigga, the truth, why would I lie nigga?
Square root get ate like pi nigga, it's Futuristic 'Or Die' nigga
I do this I don't try nigga, one dude but I ball like five niggas
Got five hoes in my condo givin' me brain so now my mind bigger
Fuck it I'm a kill it when I step into the buildin'
I spit it so sick that everybody need some Penicillin
I make two thousand a show that ain't a lot but I'm a build it
I do one like every day then pretty soon I'll have a million
Eatin' all these niggas I'm a put 'em in a skillet
Some'n like Braille everybody gotta feel it
It's DUB yes, no dubstep, but I still make noise like Skrillex
I hit hoes with 'Diff'rent Strokes', "Whatcha talkin' 'bout Willis?"
I'm a Gary ColeMan, "Whatcha talkin' 'bout Willis?"
Hit hoes with 'Diff'rent Strokes', "Whatcha talkin' 'bout Willis?"
I'm a Gary ColeMan, "Whatcha talkin' 'bout Willis?"
Cartoon niggas welcome to Monsters Inc.,
You washed up, get disposed, put 'em down the sink
Bad bitches raise your glasses, like P! nk
She hit me with a text like "I'm down for whatever, " with a wink!
If you think you fuckin' with me then you must be stupid!
Good music all day from Mr. I Had To Do It
Put this on your iPod or CD-ROM
Download at onlyfuturistic.com
Hol' up, hol' up, why these niggas thinkin'
That I do this shit for fun and knowin' that I put in work?
If you wanna talk about me on one of your tracks
It's a wrap, matta' fact I'm a put 'em in a hearse
Killin' all these niggas on every single verse
They disperse, did it first, he's bad and ya worse
I'm attackin' the Earth if he rapped then you hurt
I snapped and I curse every track then I burp!
Bad chick alert, get more neck than a tag on a shirt...
Yeah, I see more ass than the back of a skirt!
I'm just playin', you know who it is tho
WTF Gang, BOW!