When I was a young man
Who traveled 'round the world.
And I've been with every kind of girl
I think I slept with half the population of Japan.
It's nothing strange; It's normal for a man.

Back then our president,
He really raised the bar for
Getting stuck, caught in the cookie jar.
He gave a new meaning to having an intern on your staff.
It's nothing strange; It's normal for a man.

Then he went on TV, and lied through his teeth.
Rattled off excuses for what made him cheat.
What I wouldn't give to see somebody take a stand.
Just grow a pair and fess up and say:
It's normal for a man.

When you are a Tiger
And have a gorgeous wife.
Sometimes you just get tired of your life.
If you eat fillet mignon each day eventually you'll want Spam.
It's nothing strange; It's normal for a man.

Take that motorcycle man
Who wed a movie star.
While she made films, he trolled around in bars.
He bed a stripper with a Nazi tattoo on her ass.
It's nothing strange; It's normal for a man.

Then he went on TV, and lied through his teeth.
Rattled off excuses for what made him cheat.
What I wouldn't give to see somebody take a stand.
Just grow a pair and fess up and say:
It's normal for a man.

We men we have our predilection
We'll cheat if given half a chance.
There ain't such thing as sex-addiction.
We're just horny bastards
And we can't keep it in our pants.

It's perfectly normal, perfectly natural.

Now I'm old and wiser
And have a lovely wife.
And I'll be true to her for all my life.
I ain't sayin' that I'm special or that I'm a superman.
I guess I'm just too old and tired
To do what's normal for a man.

But if I did I wouldn't go lyin' through my teeth.
And rattle off excuses for what made me cheat.
I'd be the one to finally come along and take a stand.
I'd show my pair and fess up and say:
It's normal for a man!

And you would leave and I'd be lonely.
I'd hit the bar and wreck my health,
I'd cry and say I ruined everything.
Don't be sad for me, it's nothing strange.
It's normal for a man.