Huh, sometimes you gotta just get lost...
Yeah, yeah

I say, bless me with a heart of gold
A positivity and a story to be told
I tripped, fell down through the sky,
It's what it took for me to learn how to fly
Like, oh yeah

Let me spirit fly,
My intentions are not to intoxicate but purify.
Give me truth, or every time I hear a lie
Joy be the only reason I get teary eyed.

Imagine all Lennon had to say,
To make us want to pray for peace every single day.
Keep your money don't want anything to do with it,
Reach your love, heart of gold, and I'm never losing this.

[Chorus:]
Curious whatchu gonna do?
Lost for words and you find you really don't care at all.
I said you really don't care at all
I'm just curious, whatchu gonna do?
Lost for words and you find you really don't care at all
I said you really don't care at all

I look in the mirror to figure out who I am,
I thought I was a boy but I guess I am a man.
I burnt a bridge, but that's what it took for me to build a dam
I hang my head, I don't want to be that kind of man.

No, no, that's not how my daddy raised me
Work your ass off boy don't ever be lazy.
I owned it on the ball field, so my pa praised me
You could never beat me down or you could never phase me.

A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do
Even in the rough yeah you gotta see it through
Have a nice trip though, I'll see you next fall
The only thing I know is that I know nothing at all

Just...

[Chorus]

My feet are innocent
My soul it understands
My feet are innocent
My soul yeah it understands
Oh you know that my soul yeah, understand, understands.

I said sometimes feelings can be hard to understand,
But if we understood them there'd be no point to the plan
I reach out with my hand
And to all of my fans,
To let you know that if you fall,
I will help you stand
To let you know that everyday I feel similar pain
The purpose of my music is to take it all away
So I say, salute you freedom fighters
Wave your flags high for,
Liberty we will die for.
Driftin' in the pursuit of happiness that we drive towards
A better future my people and me will strive towards.

I'm lost, I find myself while I search
Now I use music to pray with no words.
When you lose what you love, remember to stay strong.
Look out the window and remember life goes on.

[Chorus]

My feet are innocent
My soul it understands
My feet are innocent
My soul yeah it understands
Oh you know that my soul yeah, understands, understands