He's incapable
Yes I hurt my woman and I really hurt her bad,
I told her that I loved her because I thought that's what it was,
Well I didn't know what I was talking about,
I'm incapable of love.
I'm learning now I won't do that again, I won't say those three words any more,
(He's just incapable of love)
I find it easy too just talk but in reality (It seems that you're incapable)
Yes I know, I'm incapable of marriage and commitment and I'm sorry to say,
(Let's hear you say it)
I'm incapable of love (He's incapable of love)

I'm good at using and hurting and finally leaving cos that's always what I do (huh!)
because really I want to be free,
My light shines brighter I guess and I can see my life shining right in front of me,
The road to be free is inside of me.
I find it easy too just talk but in reality (It seems that you're incapable)
Yes I know, I'm incapable of marriage and commitment and I'm sorry to say,
(Let's hear you say it)
I'm incapable of love (He's incapable of love)
I'm just incapable of love.
(Stop that you'll get honest, c'mon stop that you'll get honest, stop that you'll get honest, You never even told me to try, I was a challenge a test for your lie, nothing in you is lacking inside, what part of "please be honest" do you not understand?)
No no no no That's not so,
I didn't want to let you go, I truly am sorry I couldn't commit, and that is the reason I wanted to quit, I'm trying to be honest (OH YEAHHHH!!)Yeahhhhhh
I'm just incapable of love
Maybe I was just born that way?, maybe one day I will be different?,
(NO)
Maybe one day I will be ready for a proper relationship?
I could try being committed again?
(NO!!)
Maybe we could try it again on a more relaxed basis?
Like an open kind of thing, what do you think?
(No, I'm not going to put myself through that again)
You don't think so?
I was just thinking if it was more relaxed less rigid, it might work better?
(No, It's all or nothing)
I see....All?.....or nothing....? ALL?....or NOTHING? (YES)
Do you have a view on a more open relationship?
I don't mean in a gay way
(Fuck that I'm not stupid, You never even told me to try, I was a challenge a test for your lie,  
nothing in you is lacking inside, what part of "please be honest" do you not understand?)
NO NO NO!!!
(yeah yeah yeah!)
NO NO NO!