(To all the stupid people in the house,
you are about to witness something you have never witnessed before.
You see, you're pretty much forgetting well
alminen is like a different ways a little
BMM BMM BMM BMM BMM
fancy nautical place to be.
We're gonna show you how we do it for the year 2005,
kickin' it my speed)
(Cuz I got a funny feeling
you are all sick of all these members
biting their rhymes because
we nee-eed backstabbers,
When it comes to me and my associate,
Kenny Omonitarysuckinaras,
we know how you fuckers wanna beeeee,
We're crossed
Er'ew ni the P-P-Paul mix
Er'ew eht gib bmob
I hsiw I wenk erom naht I
dluoc reve hsiw ot wonk
Dna ot wohs uoy emos realc lous
So all you know the man says
it would go a little something like this)

La-di-da-di-da-di, we like to party-party.
We always causin' trouble-trouble bothering everybody.
We are just some men upon the mic
And when we grab the pitch,
Yo, we grab that shit tight!
Fuck all of y'all who's goin' to hell,
Just keep on smilin' and enjoy yourself
'Cause it's cool when you 'cause a cozy condition,
And that's what we create because that be our mission.
So, listen close to what we say because-
What?
This type of shit happens every day.
What?!
This type of shit happens every day!
What!?!
This type of shit happens every day!!

I woke up around 2 in the mornin'.
Did a lot of coke, strechin', yawnin'.
Went into the bathroom to wash up:
Put the soap on my face and my hand on my crotch and said,
"Mirror, mirror on-on the wall,
Who be the top choice of-of them all?"
There was a rubble-rubble-dubble;
Five minutes it lasted.
The mirror said,
"You are, you conceited bastard!"
Well, that's true!
That's why we never have no beef.
And so I washed off the soap and I brushed the gold teeth,
Changed my clothes, part my hair;
I busted out the brand new Gucci underwear.
And for all the little girls that I might take home, we have
The Johnson's baby powder and the Polo cologne.
Fresh-dressed like a million dolla's:
I wore the high-tops and popped the flat colla'.
Stepped out the crib, stopped short-
Shit, I forgot my fucking Kangol!

Then I dilly-dally, me run into an alley.
Got me bust into me old girl Shaniqua from the valley.
God damn bitch played hard to get,
So I said, "What's up girl? You look like shit."
Don't cry, dry your eye.
Sally sees her momma and says, "You all better hide tonight."
Because her mom stepped up from behind,
Hit her in the face, stabbed her in the eye,
Punched her in the belly, stepped on her feet,
Slammed the girl on the hard concrete.
Bitch was strong, her mind was gone,
Somethin' seemed wrong; now what is going on?
I tried to bust it up, I said, "Stop it, leave her."
She said, "If I can't have you, she can't either."

She grabbed me hard, around my cock
So, I broke out like I had the chicken pox.
Her momma gave chase; she caught us quickly.
She put her fucking finger in the face of Little Jimmy and said,
"Why don't you give me some play?
Stop avoiding me like you is gay.
I wet my pants whenever you say,
'Bitches love me cause they know that I can beat box.'
Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy, can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me.
I love your faggy ways, I guess that's why you're always getting laid."
Ooo, on and on and on and on and... whatever...
I said, "I'm out," and then I gave her a kiss.
I said, "You can't have me, I am too young for you miss."
She said, "No you are not," then she starts crying.
I said, "I'm 18," and she says, "Stop lying!"
I'm serious, go ask my mother.
And with your wrinkled pussy, you can't be my lover.