[Mike Clark / Mike Muir]

Tripping...

Ha-ha-ha-ha... Tripping!

[guitar solo]

I gotta gotta take a trip, gotta take a trip out of this place
I gotta gotta get away, get away from the human race
I don't know what I'll see, don't even know what I'll find
I don't know what to pack, never been to a trip at the mind

Trip at the brain, trip at the brain, trip at the brain!
Do you know what I'm saying?
Trip at the brain, trip at the brain, trip at the brain!
Well I'm going insane!

I took a wrong turn and I ended up at my heart
It could barely even pump no blood, it was so thrashed and torn apart
Thank it for working overtime in pain and misery
Then I set back on the trail, headed for my destiny

Trip at the brain, trip at the brain, trip at the brain!
Do you know what I'm saying?
Trip at the brain, trip at the brain, trip at the brain!
Well I'm going insane!

Fly with me...
Flying free...

[guitar solo]

Tripping!
You must be tripping!
Trip, trip, trip, trip, tripping!
Ya ya ya ya you're tripping!

I cannot-cannot stop this trip; I forgot to pack the brakes
Crashed straight into a concrete wall of my mistakes
Ended up in a cemetery of a thousand wasted days
But that's alright with me, cause that's where most of my memories lays

Trip at the brain, trip at the brain, trip at the brain!
Do you know what I'm saying?
Trip at the brain, trip at the brain, trip at the brain!
Well I'm going insane!

Tripping going tripping going
Tripping tripping tripping going
Tripping in my mind these days
And everybody's gonna be tripping
Trippin trippin trippin gonna
Gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna!

Fly with me...
Flying free...

Gotta get away, gotta get away!
Gotta gotta gotta gotta get away!
I gotta get away, gotta get away!
I'm gonna take that trip...

[guitar solo]

Welcome...

'Cause I'm the host with the most, now here's a little toast
Don't think of nothing 'cause you'll put your mind on course
I'll exercise your fears, make you nightmares disappear
You can talk all you want, but nothing do I really hear

Accentuating, exasperating, a simple demonstration in experimentation
A slip flip, slip drip, every little dip
There's not a lack of power in me to keep a person's feelings fed
I'm educated from your personal pain

Well it's so insane but won't you keep on playing?
It's a slip, slide, slip, dad, call a friend, get another job
To pay another shrink and buy his wife another mink
Let me tell you what I think, I think, I think, I think, I...

Gotta get, gotta get away
I gotta, gotta get away, gotta get away
I'm just trippin', trip a trip trippin'
Never thought you saw it but I see it in me
You gotta get away...
You said it's gonna fix, what happened to the truth?
Gotta trip, gotta trip, gotta trip, gotta
You gotta make a sound, and put the down smile
Gotta take a trip, gotta take a trip
A real trip, you'll be down in a hip
Everybody's trippin' trippin' trippin' trippin'
Don't snip, don't snap, don't get down, it's a trap
Gotta get away, gotta get away, away gotta
A simple observation, mind evaluation
Take your head, try to run away and...

Take that trip to the brain...
Take that trip to the brain...
Everybody's gotta dig it up and gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta;
Take that trip to the brain!