[Intro E-40]
Uh, uh, hah!
Alright, Mystikal, (BITCH! Hombre!) Mystikal.
Alright nigga, this E four O.
Huh, E four O, E four O, huh.
Finna get it crankin up in this biatch, what.
Finna get it crankin up in this biaiatch.
V-Town (V-town), New Orleans.
Check it out.

[E-40]
Thangs fine, in the middle of the street, sirens and violens silence
Muthafuckas play for keeps, violens and diamonds on my grand piano
Turn the channel, lemme see that, gimme that back
Muthafucka fool what's your problem? (What's your problem?)
Nigro, why you wanna pull all on the side of my column
Column, shot em shot em, got em, stick em, lose em, stock em
Bitch em, dodge em, block em, stock em, rock em, chop em, scheme em
Plottin plot em, 45 special, 45 special, nigga with the four five realize

[B-Legit]
I got this monkey on my back, shit be funky that's a fact
Screamin up in them swamps though, pocket fulla twamps though
To stomp hoe, totin my pis-tal
Up and down them side streets up in my vehi-cal
Calli still, rally's fell, French Quarters at night
Smoke blunts, get the money, and make shit right
We're smokin weed pipe, niggas stuff it and roll
Just some fools bout they paper, way out of control
Now, here we go

[Chorus [B-Legit & E-40]]
Here we go, time to let these niggas know
Here we go, here we go, uhhhhh
Here we go, here we go, time to let these niggas know
Mystikal, P go get the four door
Here we go, here we go, time to let these niggas know
Here we go, here we go, uhhhhh
Here we go, here we go, time to let these niggas know
Mystikal, Master P go get the four door

[Mystikal]
A-I-N-T-N-O-L-I-M-I-T
Nigga, we B-O-U-T-I-T-B-O-U-T-I-T
Fonzarelli, gimme the mike
Let me get in they ass
And with the Ice Cream Man we kickin ass
Came way from the project in New Orleans 
Where the drug dealers slang and the killers they blast
Pass the grass, gimme the weed, smash the gas, we actin bad
We lookin for the bitches with the pink cookie
We already got the plastic bag
Nah-nah-nah-nah-NAH
Our money don't stop, it multiply
Could this fucker be, P lemme in the pool
lemme show ya I pull my size
I know some of y'all niggas gon probably
have a problem with everything we say
Bitch, G-E-T-O-F-F-M-Y-D-I-C-K
Always been the shit, so I'ma be the shit
Fuckin with niggas like E four O and B-Legit
Y'all niggas got a pay to feed the men, we the men
Do it fast or slow, we dressed up straight from a fashion show
Passin hoes, ain't nothing on the wall
in the hall but platinum and gold
I put the dick on the track, and break they back
To the mighty N.O., came fame, when I brought it to the top
Here we go, in this B-I-T-C-H

[Chorus]

[Master P] [Talking with echo]
Represent, Ughhhhhhhhh!
Ha ha! That's how we gon bubble.
No Limit style. Mystikal, nigga.
E-Feezy, B-Legit, and Master P. 
The kisarme. Yeah baby, yeah.
Represetin ya heard me. How ya do dat dere.
707, 504, we gettin y'all ready for that there.
It's a new beginning, a new millenium.
No Limit.