Uh, this one's dedicated to all, the haters out there
Jealous of us because, we're better than you
Yo-Landi Vi$$er, bring the spice

[Hook:]
Jou ma se poes in a fish paste jar
Jou ma se poes in a fish paste jar
Moenie kom kak praat nie my blaar
Yo-Landi Vi$$er! Fresh in da flesh and da picture!
Jou ma se poes in a fish paste jar
He was the wrong ninja to fuck wif!

Yo, I am the ninja in charge over here (wat?)
No fear when I scope a rhyme in your ear (fuck)
With the wrong ninja this time what's the matter you
Should've known better to fuck with a ninja with an attitude

I wasn't mad at you but now you're mad at me an jealous
Little stink poofy rappers like Anthony and Dennis
Lemme help to make you famous
Jesus but you rap kak
When you rap you actually sound like you're having a fat kak

(Yoo)
Sies!
Why you so obsessed with me? ohh

Jesus Christ you should see how these boys stalk me
Follow my every move like a sea-point moffie
Fuck you! and all your odd lyrics!
Ek maak klaar met n spif quote from the liks

Yo, there's not a rapper out there who can touch me
If you don't believe me, run up and try to punch me

[Hook]

I hang with fuckin coloreds cause I am a fucking colored
If I wanna be a colored
(Hosh)
My inner colored just wants to be discovered
Jou fokken naai skinner aan
Elke fokken poes is pienk aan die binnekant

Zed to the e to the motherfuckin' f
One time! Lekker fuckin' zef zef zef!
Fuck this poes in the skinny jeans
Joh maar jy's trendy
(Swak)
Soos n fuckin kak jol by assembly

Why do I call myself a ninja you ask me?
Cause my style's so motherfuckin' nasty
Is ja!
Nothing you can say or do can harm me
Ek's kak fuckin common, jy's n flou fuckin laanie

Fuck with Die Antwoord you fuck with the army!
Our fans are mal bergie
When they bite they don't let go
Like skraal staffies, ask kyle stafie
Kyle's momma is a big fat bitch!

[Hook]

Yo, I'm the ninja in charge
I can't even fuckin believe my dick is so large
Make room! it's doom!
We lauch a full frontal assalt with the boom
Yo-Landi Vi$$er rub the fucking salt in the wound!

My style is wild make you warp your faces
Got style comin' out of all sorts of places
Raak wys!
Ninja flex fresh
Ek's original boy, fuck sweat x

Hey, wie die fok is dit?

Spoek mathambo is a spank rock look-a-like
Rap-a-like siff little parasite gah!
Fuck every one of your whack tracks
Marcus wormstorm is short and fat

I represent the underdog you know my steez
I'm represented by a label in the overseas
Yo Amsterdam yes I am the man
Got the cash in hand and I'm splashing rands

Tpounds, dollars, yen euros, I used to be a zero
Now I rap to the track like a super fucken hero
Superninja's coming like a bullet
Leaping over buildings, waving at the children

[Hook]

I's plain to see, you can't change me
Cause imma be a ninja for life
Yo I'm a ninja he's a ninja she's a ninja we's a ninjas
Wouldn't you like to be a ninja too?