Sexy boys, fancy boys
Playboys, bad boys
I fink u freeky and I like you a lot [x4]

Motherfuckers get buzzed off the spice that I bring
Guess who's got the party jumpin'?
Glow in the dark rave, aura pumping
It's nice and different, yo fuck the the system
My system pumps off it's fucking face
Step into my world nou's jy tuis in paradys
Yo word up to my brother, muis
Pump up your speakers, God se Jesus.
Kyk wies rapping, lekker to the drum
These bad boys like to smack me in the bum
My crew's blowing up like Chappies bubblegum
Popping in your face, nyaaaa
Yo fuck the rat race my style is rap rave
My crew is kak fresh, so who the fuck cares?
What you fucking think, I'm the type of chick
Who rolls with spif giftige misfits

I fink u freeky and I like you a lot [x8]

Hold up! Whoa, whoa wait a minute-minute, Jesus Christ
Yo my man DJ High Tek - Shit, this motherfucking beat is nice
Back in the day them dwankies didn't want to believe in us
Little did they know that they was in for a motherfucking big surprise.
Left home locked in my Zef Zone
Ready for the test yo? What the fuck, I guess so...
Hit the overseas, motherfucker's heads get blown.
Get everything will be free like Dr. Dre Beats headphones
When I get home I lounge on my Zef throne
Make my mummy happy cause I get so paid
Making my money rapping over techno rave
I can take you 'round the world, let's go babe
When I step up and do my thing I put you in a trance
My Zef motherfucking clique got it going on
Fuck what you think, I do what I want
I can make a million little motherfuckers jump

Jump motherfucker, jump motherfucker jump [x4]

Increase the peace, don't wreck the party
And fuck da jol up for everybody
Ek's a laarney, jy's a gam
Want jy lam innie mang, met jou slang in a man

I fink u freeky and I like you a lot [x8]

Now why you loer en kyk gelyk?
Is ek miskien van goud gemake?
You want to fight, you come tonight.
Ek moer jou sleg! So jy hardloop weg.

God se Jesus, we come to party
Pump your speakers, yo rock your body
In God we trust, You can't fuck with us
We not taking kak, I'd like to say what's up

To my sexy boys, and my fancy boys,
And my playboys, and my bad boys,
And my pretty boys, and my ugly boys,
And my naughty boys,
We gonna have a nice time kids

I fink u freeky and I like you a lot [x8]