Yo Hi-Tek, let's fuck around with some of that feel good gansta shit.

I've been rapping for 20 fucking years.
A whole lot of fucking blood sweat and tears.
Who cares they don't give a fuck.
On the mic I'm taking no prisoners.

Check me out yo yo.
So what if I'm only coming in the game?
So what I'm in it for the cash, money and the fame?
So what if this bit of genuine is fucking up your brain?
Yo-Landi Visser is the shit up in this bitch.

I rap for 20 years, never made a cent.
Borrowed money from my mom to pay the rent.
Now how I'm gonna get out this mess?
Yo-Landi shows me two stripes on the fucking piss test.
(Oh fuck), broke ass Ninja gonna be a daddy.
Little baby Ninja gonna need some nappies.
Gave it my best shot, never pressed stop
Thank God die moederfokeen Antwoord went pop.

Got a million fucking dollars in the bank
Then I converted all my dollars into rands
That equalled seven million rands in the bank
Not too shitty, fuck you Jimmy, I'm a never give it back.
Dont worry Ninja, I'm gonna make you proud.
I'm here to work, I'm not here to fuck around. (is ja)
I'm your special little cherry on the top
I keep it very fucking hot and I'm never gonna fall

Been rapping for 20 fucking years.
A whole lot of fucking blood sweat and tears.
Who cares they don't give a fuck.
On the mic I'm taking no prisoners.

Kykie
So what I fly around the whole world getting paid?
So what I smoke weed all day every day?
So what I tell the truth even when I tell a lie?
I get very red in the eye when I'm getting high

I got a record deal in the overseas
So excited that I couldn't go to sleep
They wanted my soul, so I sold it for a free
When they dropped the album everyone downloaded it for free

In the overseas they think I'm the shizzle
In South Africa they think I'm a criminal
(Little girl show me your ID)
I don't like the drugs but the drugs sure like me!

Ninja fuckin' ugly on the skin
But Ninja very lovely from within
I'm serious but also need a bit of fun
Ninja likes a girl who lets him stick his penis up the bum

Ek gooi 'n fokken 2-7 in die lug
Ek slat jou met my fokken piel in jou gesig
I'm the fuckin ultimate I can't lose
Klap 'n vet moderfokken zol nou's ek confused

Been rapping for 20 fucking years.
A whole lot of fucking blood sweat and tears.
Who cares they don't give a fuck.
On the mic I'm taking no prisoners.

So what my teachers at school told me i would never hack it?
So what I'm like a full-blown marijuana addict?
So what I'm like the freshest fuckin rapper on the planet?
It's an African thing you wouldn't understand it (Evah)

Chilling in your room bored all alone
Now you flipping through porn on your phone
Start jerking off bout to bust a nut
When your mom walks in the room: "Jesus what the fuck"
Life is crazy it doesn't make sense

I'm here to make money, not to make friends.

Need to hustle like a fucking dwang just to pay the rent

Nowadays when I check my balance at the ATM I go
Oh my God! Oh oh my God!
Oh my God! Oh oh my God!
Oh my God! Oh oh my God!

Geld my boetie.

I'm so hot right now.

I need an ice dish
Hi Tek this motherfucking beat is nasty

I'm so hot right now

The girlies go pssst I'm so hot
Touch my face and go tssst

I'm so hot right now
Yo-Landi Visser
I'm so hot right now
DJ Hi Tek
I'm so hot right now
Zefside Ninja
I'm so hot right now
Die fokken Antwoord
I'm so hot right now
Neil Blomkomp
I'm so hot right now
Tony Seoula
I'm so hot right now
Show me the moolah
I'm so hot right now

Yo motherfucker so what.