Will they remember my name when I'm gone
(when they know what I did was so fucking wrong)
Put the steel to my wrist, lost the breath in my chest
(just to forget all the wrongs I had left)
I took the exit, left my friends in the gutter
(left my life right behind me, left myself, left it all)
Left myself, left it all, not a falter, not a stutter
Not a note, and now?
(there’s nothing at all)

Are you at all haunted by memories past?
Are you ready to make this one breath your last?
Is your chest so heavy you're ready to leave?
Or are you just hoping that someone will grieve?

And now we roll on...
I'm gone now,
I don't remember much,
I just know that I would have been better off if I had stayed,
Spoken to a friend,

Let my heart keep on beating and not given it all up
For the grave, for the grave
There's no one there on the other side (other side)
There's nothing more than what I had.
There's no ghost left to haunt you so you know I'm still here,
Just the end of my life nothing left here at all.
There's no memories here, just the regrets of the dead,
Please don't follow my footsteps - cherish all you have left.

Are you at all haunted by memories past?
Are you ready to make this one breath your last?
Is your chest so heavy you’re ready to leave?
Or are you just hoping that someone will grieve?

There's no one there on the other side
(there's no one there on the other side)
There's nothing more than what I had
(there's no ghost left to haunt you).

There's no ghosts
There's no memories here
Just the regrets of the dead
Please don't follow in my footsteps
Cherish all you have left

There's no memories here (memories here)
Just the regrets of the dead (regrets of the dead)
Please don't follow in my footsteps (my footsteps)
Cherish all you have left.

Are you at all haunted by memories past?
Are you ready to make this one breath your last?
Is your chest so heavy you’re ready to leave?
Or are you just hoping that someone will grieve?

Are you at all haunted by memories past? (memories past)
Are you ready to make this one breath your last? (breath your last)
Is your chest so heavy you’re ready to leave? (ready to leave)
Or are you just hoping that someone will grieve? (someone will grieve)