[Verbal Intro:] 
I’m always thinking about you 

(I’m always thinking about you, girl; thinking about you, girl)

I won’t forget the day we met, 
I was introduced to you
A pretty face, a lovely smile 
And a body to go with it, too.
I said, “Hello.” I said, “Hello.”  
It was a very special time.
And ever since that special day, 
you’re forever on my mind.

I’m always thinking about you, baby (thinking about you, girl)
Sweet thang you (thinking about you, girl)
You’re forever on my mind (thinking about you, girl)
Oh, yes, I am (thinking about you, girl)
Thinking about you all the time.

I called you up the next day.  
We laughed and we talked for hours.
A tender kiss, a sweet embrace.  
I just had to send you some flowers.
I said, “Hello.” I said, “Hello.”  
It was a very special time.
And ever since that special day, 
you’re forever on my mind.

And I’m always, I’m always, I’m always (thinking about you, girl)
Because of the things that you do and that you say (thinking about you, girl)

All day, all day (thinking about you, girl) 
I think about your loving ways (thinking about you, girl)
Think about you all the time.

Let the music play now.

[musical interlude]

Let the music play... (ahhh, ahh, ahh) 
Sweet music, sweet music
(All the time) Well
(Thinking about you all the time) I can’t help myself.
Naw, baby, naw, naw, naw, naw, naw, naw

We fell in love so much in love.  
I’ve never felt like this before.
You won my heart from the start.
Today, I love you so much more (Oooo, Oooo, Ooo).
Why because I said “Hello.” I said, “Hello.” 
It was a very special time.
And ever since that special day, 
You’re forever, you’re forever on my mind, baby (thinking about you, girl)!

Ohhh, yes, you are darling (thinking about you, girl).
I can’t help myself (thinking about you, girl).
I don’t wanna... I don’t wanna help myself, baby (thinking about you, girl)
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, baby (thinking about you, girl)
Anything that you want, I’m willing to give it to you (thinking about you, girl).
Nobody else can do me the way that you do, darling (thinking about you, girl).
Aw, naw. Nobody else but you, baby (thinking about you, girl)
Every second of every hour (thinking about you, girl), 
Every hour of every day (thinking about you, girl)
I think about your loving ways, baby (thinking about you, girl).
I can’t help myself.
I’m thinking about you all the time (all the time).

[music fades]