You know love is the most over used word in the world today
You know everybody uses the phrase I love you so loosely
I bet you couldn't count the times you've said I love you
Some people are confused, they think liking is loving
Oh, but there's a big difference between liking and love

You know this calls to mind the last time you told me you loved me
So the next time you say I love you
I want you to know exactly what love really is

Love is not jealous, love it does not brag
Love don't get puffed up, love it never fails, it never fails
So tell me, tell me that you love me
Now that you know what love really, really, really is
So tell me, tell me, tell me that you love me
Come on, tell me, show me that your love is real, that your love is real

Know love rejoices over truth
Sometimes the truth hurts but will stand the test of time
You know love bears all things and believes all things
Love hopes all things and endures all things
So the next time you tell me you love me
I want you to know exactly what you're saying

'Cause love is not selfish, love is not provoked, no no no
Love is long suffering, love is oh so kind, it's oh so kind
Now tell me, tell me that you love me
Now that you know what love, really, really, really is
Now tell me, tell me, tell me that you love me
Come on, tell me, show me that your love is real

Is it real? Is it real what you feel?
If not you're liking instead of loving
Is it real what you feel?
You tell me you love me
Can you look me in my eyes and say you love me?
Now that you know what love is

Is it real what you feel?
'Cause if not, you're liking instead of loving
Tell me is it real?
I got to know what you feel
'Cause what I feel is real

I can stand right here and say I love you
I can stand right here and say I love you baby
Now that you know what love is, is it real?

Is it real what you feel?
Now that you know, now that you know what love is all about
Can you tell me is it real?
Is it real? Is it real? Is it real?
Is it real what you feel?