Talk back to you? I take it easy.
Talk back to you? I take it easy.
Talk back to you? I take it easy.
My mom thinks I'm the worst
I'mma diss her on this verse

My mom hates when I wear really baggy pants
She states I'll never find a boy, I dress like a man
I think she'd really enjoy
If I wasn't such a tomboy
And wore low rise jeans with a bit of my thong showing

Would you like that?
'Cause then I get all the men
And we can sleep together outside in my brand new tent
You never let me be Barbie but I'm supposed to find Ken
You taking out space in my brain, like you owe me some rent

You say you don't need me?
You say that easily
Say that next time you try to play a DVD or work the TV or fix the weefee
Ask Siri I bet she'll say to go ask Lilly!

And yes it was your girl's tour
A first for me, loved it for me
Not 'cause you gave birth to me
You tryna take that credit
That don't work for me
It wasn't called a trip to go get groceries

And you say my brain backwards and that I'm crazy
Here's a quick question. Wasn't it you who raised me?
So your lies don't phase me
I know you don't hate me
Next family party girl you gonna praise me
Like "My daughter so this and my daughter so that.
She got 6 million subs
Look they give her gold plaque and I always support."
Yeah you talking pure smack
When I was 10 I had to lie to use MSN chat

I don't know how to cook
I am no Bobby Flay
But I can work a camera
That's something you can't say
Remember when you took pics
We was on vacay
And you came home with pics of just some white blank space

Yeah that's some Taylor Swift shizzz right there
Now we got bad blood feel a drip right there
Man I'm only 26 I got mad white hairs
'Cause hearing you nag is like a bad nightmare

Why you always compare me with other kids? Huh?
Because you don't know the crap that they did. Nah
You mad at me for making videos in wigs? What?
Our neighbour's daughter, man, she got a hickey this freakin' big
And I act like royalty, like what you talkin' about?
If I was queen, I wouldn't have to hear you shout
We're all slave, who don't open our mouths
'Cause you like King Joffery inside this house

Why you always tryna start? Huh?
You could change your name to Mamrie, still won't have hart
And Lilly's not bad that's not what people think
They see my mom and they like Lilly deserves a drink

I'm living in a crazy house someone save me
Because until I get married, I am not amazing
And my mom treats me like I'm a kid lately
I am a grown woman I am not your baby

Let's switch it up
We going back to back
I am not your little baby
I am not your little baby
Now pay my own bills
I'm about to buy my own house
You say you want me gone
Yeah you say that I should disappear
But when I leave for good
Man your eyes gon' be filled with tears
I am not your little baby
I am not your little baby
Still, keep watching some Ice Age 'cause you really need to chill
You say I 'cause you trauma, 'cause I'm always startin' drama
Well call me Will.I.am 'cause I got it from my mama

Talk back to you? I take it easy
Talk back to you? I take it easy
I said talk back to you? I take it easy
Talk back to you? I take it easy
I said talk back to you? I take it easy
Talk back to you? Now take it easy
Talk back to you? I take it easy