[Viners Rap:]
Mr Delaghetto does your sub box work? Nah, yea
Somebody told me that d trix are for kids (trix are for kids) yo!
If this the jungle, we the lions
Brand new alliance
y'all stoves, were microwaves ..Brand New Appliance 
Your old school.. we ahead of our time.
We hit a billion views in just a year on the vine
I see you shopping for equipment to shoot
We got our cellphones, an idea, an app with a loop
Thats right a million fans on vine gets you a million loops
A million on the tube.. couple hundred thousand views
Your setting up your cameras & tables full of sandwiches
Lights, booking flights for your underpaid amateurs
We'll be shooting skits up in jamba juice (looping)
We'll be shooting skits yeah somewhere up in jamba juice
Yep, got that stuck in your head.. 
so go ahead and break the bank with your cannons in red (yeah)
So you can follow us so fast, make sonic look
Superwomen? she ain't even got a comic book
vid stuck on 301 like the highway
And it still hasn't changed since back in my day
If you ask will i see the video to this song
Don't be silly lilly.. The adds are too long!

[Youtubers Rap:]
Awww cutesome nursery rhymes
I know you like loops but let me put you in line
Cause I am here just to remind you
This ain't Mario you cant reach the top of the vine
yo we all up in this jungle tryna climb
to the top so we hustle and then we grind
Youtube cutting checks and man we just sign 
They call us weed-wackers cause we kill vine
6 seconds?
Thats half an insta vid
A snapchat can did more than you did
We make art (art) and you make gifs
I said it twice cause I know you like things repetitive
Aye yo Bach, You need to drop the King B
cause we a got a king and his name ends with sley
Timothy and me, we sitting at the beach 
Waiting for De-Storm but its just so sunny
Lose your phone, lose your job, what happens if it drops?
We stepping outside, you living inside a box
Man I'm sitting here stretching and you just getting cropped
in your little bitty square.. ge-ge-getting t-ticked off
All done
Revine that
Infact, Rewind that
Brrrrr Brrrr Brrrr.. mhm hmmm
YouTube to do list!