[Kleptomaniac]

Lyrical wizardry dances on MC's like Murray on SC's
Never flaunt, now motherfuckers come test me
Burnin everybody hotter than torches at Jamaican parties
Far from angels, niggas can't see me like Charlie
Style weak? Hardly!
Don't let the wacked persue you like Marley
JM clique moves in packs like whities on Harleys
Niggas get injured, fucked do' in 40 fingers
Got bitches by bike bar bussin Glocks off a' niggas
Klep don't give three shits to flip scripts
Miss bullets from clips, leave niggas rollin up skateboards
wit nuttin under they hips, bitch, so if you test me
shit gets messy, bustin .38 speci
outta paper bags like Joe Pesci
Yo, you know the tune
Make sure bitches don't eat when it's time to shit out them coke balloons
Balked up the ninja when it got shady, now I got grown ladies
bustin .380's outta E Class Mercedes

(Hurry the fuck up bitchm, get on!)
(Fuck you motherfucker let me out this L)
(There they go right there, dot them niggas)
(Motherfuckers!! *gun shots*)

MC's get cut like glass, cut like glass
Rag tagged and crash, hemp bags, come save dat ass
Who wanna get broke the fuck up? Tell me!
Freakin vocabulary like Chinese and spelling bees
T-P-E-L-K held to reflect a device-es
The nicest, Jesus Christ-es
Junior Mafioso, niggas get torn off head to torso
Bullets evacuated out windows
From Hekkyl and Coch, P7 inmates
Extra .380 on a string 'round my neck cos feds check the waist
No time to waste, grab the loot and escape before next break
Heads are clockin, private eyes are watchin
Nigga caught up in the hustle
Fuck flippin packages and tyin up, minx and rings I bubble
Trouble's what I look for in stores on expensive floors
Beeling boots is essence, bookin Pelle's in my drawers
Armani, Gianni Versace, V2
lost count o' all the little sections me and mans ran thru
It ain't hard to discard cans of mace on guards
leave them bitch ass niggas screamin like a fuckin retard
Lyrically I come off like ink alarms
Got styles under the wing like spread is booked under my arms
Niggas couldn't see me with closed circuit TV
tryin to peep my steez, like DT's I get over like I'm fifteen

(Hey, you're not fifteen)
I'm fifteen, what?
(What do you think we are? Assholes or somethin?)
Fuck you! Soundin like that nigga from Night Court
Loose my cuffs I'm outta here!

MC's be fake like toupes so I transplant
Implant my fist to their face makin their skin red
Soundwaves disrupted, they fucked, kid
Airholes bloody rupted but that ain't nuttin
The best is yet to come
MC's get strung like heads on drums
They don't be knowin what I'm knowin
Flowin like I'm flowin
Makin motherfuckers take nose dives like 747 Boeings
Obnoxious beef's squashes face-to-face
Niggas get wet up like Alasha's on Klep's place
Thru the hard time sayin prayers committin crimes
Sick minds don't care, rockin parties from front to rear
Brains engulfed by ferocious ???
runnin up on Big wit Lex wit nappies doused with chloroforms
Livin in a world where you do what you must
If preachers be robbin niggas who the fuck can you trust?