[Wizzy Wow:]
I'm looking Wretchro, she's looking Wretchro
She's tryna front like she's reading the Metro
I pull a stunt like "beautiful, let's go"
And switch it up like I'm needing the next flow
I know a place we can chill playing R&B
She's in my face like I'm feeling electro
I show her face, hold still like it's hard to believe
She bargains with me like I'll deal with the petrol
We just be cool
I said we just be cool
See I don't know about you, but I know 32
And we just be cool
I said we just be cool
I said we just be cool
See I don't know about you, but I know 32
And we just be cool
And we just, I don't know about
I don't know about, no

Yo, Tinie Tempah are you gonna be cool?
I'm like Mr Wizzy Wow, yeah, I'm gonna be cool

[Verse 1 - Tinie Tempah:]
Okay, I'm sicker than flu, sicker than cancer
See I came up from the underground where the ants are
Where the trains and the buskers and the tramps are
Concrete surroundings keep me grounded like an anchor
Show me where your hands are, show me, show me, show me
Like a goalie, got me boasting while I'm posing for the cameras
Glamorous, champers, girl I'm feeling amorous
Space boy fly shit, sicker than you average

[Wizzy Wow & Scorcher:]
Mr Sky-walker, you gonna be cool?
I'm so
(Original...)
Let's Go
(I'm lookin' you...)

[Verse 2 - Scorcher:]
You told me to be cool
I replied to leave school
For a nine to five, it's not fly
And I am, I like cam, camera, eye flash
Match up, I call, walk quicker, catch up
You're all talk-killers, why though? Tightrope
My chain swings, light so, lie low
I'm looking Wretchro, she's looking Wretchro
She ain't looking as fly though, I know

[Wizzy Wow & Bashy:]
Yo, Bish-bosh-bash are you gonna be cool?
I'm like check my blog Wiz, I dead half of them fools

[Verse 3 - Bashy:]
It's like them other guys can be cool, chill I'm colder
Than the ice in your cola, forgot about violence
But man still wants war like a vengeful soldier
Hold up! Be cool like John Travolta
'Cuz my roll dargs will eat you, no samosa
I'm cold, so polar, you're warm like mocha
I'm hot, I'm solar, get girls moist super-soaker (her)
'bashy.com', all over the globe blud!

[Pre-Hook - Wretch 32:]
I still got my Nike's and I got my van shoes
And we're Wretchro boys, I don't know about you

[Hook - Wizzy Wow:]
So forget about violence
I'd rather be cool
Forget about violence
I'd rather be cool
And so forget about violence
I'd rather be cool
I'm Spaceboy fly
I don't know about you
So forget about violence
I'd rather be cool
Forget about violence
I'd rather be cool
And so forget about violence
I'd rather be cool
It's the remix
So I had to bring my people!

[Wizzy Wow & Sway:]
Ay-yo Sway, are you gonna be cool?
Course, it's only 8 bars Wizzie
Let me come and breeze through

[Verse 4 - Sway:]
UK, I'm the king of rap, and I quickly adapt
And I'll shoot at actors, Guy Richie of rap
I'm a rock and roller, with a revolver
Lock, stock and two smokin' barrels, I quickly re-snatched
The limelight, I made the Africans say they're proud
They used to say it before, but didn't say it loud
The Signature LP, I left so many speechless
They're like, what can I say? I tell em say it's out

[Wizzy Wow & Chip:]
Aye Mr. Munk, are you gonna be cool?
I'm like, you don't have to ask
My feature's the answer

[Verse 5 - Chip:]
Forget about violence, I'd rather be me
'Cuz you chased the money but the money chased me
And you chased the honies but the honies chased me
It's not a Catch 22 It's more try and catch me (If you can!)
And any feature I get, I kill it
They just spit lyrics, I vomit bullets
So be cool, don't act like you know me
Go and talk to my hand and the trophy

[Wizzy Wow & Wretch 32:]
Yo Wretchro boy, are you gonna be cool?
I'm like Mr Wizzy Wow, yeah, I'm gonna be cool

[Verse 6 - Wretch 32:]
I'm as cool as an ice cube, cooler than Ice Cube
You can see what I'm saying, iTunes
I'm the breeze, why you clear me in typhoons
You're just caught up in the air that I fly through
So unfortunately
I'm the only one guessing who's cooler than me
The hook speaks for itself, I'm as cool as the beat
What I do laying down you'd be calling your dreams

[Pre-Hook - Wretch 32]

[Hook - Wizzy Wow]

[Verse 7 - Wretch 32:]
Ah, and now I want my van shoes
I'm a Wretchroboy, I don't know about you
I got my iron on tee and I want my van shoes
We're the Wretchro boys and I got my hype, too
I got the King hat that match my black shoes
And the Spaceboy jacket, but I want my fans, too
Ah, I know, I know
Ah, cuh I know, I kna-ow
Ah, cuh I know, I know
I got my king hat and yeah I got my van shoes
And we're Wretchro boys, I don't know about you