[Kranium:]
Uh, Kranium
Take me as I am, I'm yours
As long as you know that baby, alright
I'll stand right beside you each and every day and night, and
I'm yours

[Wretch 32:]
Fresh locks, you know the settings
Forget the cost of the wedding
The way we're interlocked got 'em dreading
They watch when we step in, mi no care, mi no care
The only difference is dem ah pree, we're prepared
And it's easy like that, dashiki type plaits
You ring and I miss your call and then I text you right back
And you stress me 'bout that, but I'm wretched like that
And I kill that pussy for you, I'm protective like that
My lady say she love it when I say "ahh yeah"
That's because it's our year
I'll be there to squeeze through the night
As long as you always keep my something tight

[Phoenix Thomas:]
Take me as I am, I know I'm not perfect
I'll never turn your back, I'll show you I'm worth it
Take me as I am, my girl
Take me as I am, oh
Take me as I am, and I'll do there
Give me one shot, I'll treat you like treasure
Take me as I am, oh girl, oh girl
Take me as I am, oh, baby girl
And I will always love you
I will always love you
Take me as I am, oh girl
Take me as I am, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I will always love you
I will always love you
Take me as I am, just take me, baby
Take me as I am, just take me, baby

[Wretch 32:]
There ain't no party like a North side party
Swim into your ocean, that's a poolside party
Living for the moment, that's an all-night party
Say I'm uncool but I'm cool with your auntie
Pinky frosted, pinky promise
I promise I'mma keep it honest and keep you on it
See, I was running green for us through the forest
So now the car's trip-tronic with a peace sign on the bonnet
Pounds into dollars
Cleveland, we're LeBron-ing
Had to touch down over foreign
32 bottles, tell 'em spin my verse back
She love me for my net, game, verse, set, match

[Phoenix Thomas:]
Take me as I am, I know I'm not perfect
I'll never turn your back, I'll show you I'm worth it
Take me as I am, my girl
Take me as I am, oh
Take me as I am, and I'll do there
Give me one shot, I'll treat you like treasure
Take me as I am, oh girl, oh girl
Take me as I am, oh, baby girl
And I will always love you
I will always love you
Take me as I am, oh girl
Take me as I am, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I will always love you
I will always love you
Take me as I am, just take me, baby
Take me as I am, just take me, baby

[Kranium:]
Oh, I know that you might
Have little doubts
I don't care about what people say or do
Me and you, you

[Wretch 32 & Stefflon Don:]
Yo, one sec, man, let me just answer this, turn it down a bit
Hello?
Yo, babe
What you saying?
Nah, I'm just... fucking in the studio, I'm just recording something with Loick quickly
You're like... always in the studio and that, like... when you gonna spend some time with me?
Fucking... babe, listen, I'm just, I've been here for a couple hours, init, my man come late, so... I'm just here till I finish. Right, where are you?
You know where I am, like, you know that I'm here waiting for you, like, I've cooked and you said you was gonna come and it's like 8 o'clock. The food's getting cold
Babe, you've got microwave and dem ting dere
Microwave?
Nah, I'm joking, I'm going mad, nah you know what, I'm just... I'm just... when I'm done, I'll come
When's that gonna be?
When's that gonna be? Are you asking me that?
Wait, who are you talking to?
Say that again?
I said... Christ, you didn't hear me? I said when is that gonna be?
It's gonna be today at some point
See what I mean? You, like, you always wanna take the piss with me. Do you think I'm just any chick or something?
Fuck... what's going on?
What do you mean, what's going on? (Are you alright?) Like, I have to beg to spend time with my own man
How do you have... you don't have to beg, but...
I have to beg you, like even the other day when you came, how long was I asking for you to come see me?
Babe, you're sounding like one of your friends dem that ain't got no man, yana
What do you mean? I'm - well, you're moving like I ain't got a man, cause I've been begging you to see - like, what, you don't want me to be with you no more or something?
Why are you - what's going - what?
Are you seeing someone else?
What day is it today or something, is this, what, are you having me on or something?
Nah, are you seeing someone else? Like, are you seeing someone else?
Am I seeing... How did we get from that to that?
That's how I feel, init, are you seeing someone else, because like, I don't even know anymore?
Babe- babe, how have we gone from that to that? You've rang me talking 'bout time, now you're talking about someone else. I'm telling you where I am and you're going mad
You don't appreciate me, like...
Babe, snap out of that
What do you mean?
Snap out of that, 'course I appreciate you, bruv, what's going on?
No, you don't, you don't, you don't appreciate me
So what do you wanna do?
What do you wanna do, init? Cause right now, like, I feel like it's being... you're being long
What do I wanna do? I wanna record this tune, but I'm on the phone
See what I mean? Listen, OK, cool, say nothing, dickhead