[Dave Grohl (spoken):] 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6-6-6! 

[sung] 
It doesn't matter if it is good, 
It only matters if it rocks. 
The main thing that we do is to rock your socks off. 
There's no such thing as a rock prodigy, 
'Cause rock 'n roll is bogus, right KG? (right!)
Only thing that really matters is a classical sauce. 
And that's why me and KG are classically trained 
To rock your fuckin' socks off! 
Give 'em a taste KG. 
[KG (spoken):] Okay. 

That is Bach and it rocks 
It's a rock block of Bach 
That he learned in the school 
Called the school of hard knocks! 

Give it up for KG, give it up for me, 
Give it up for KG, give it up for me, 
Give it up for rock, 
Give it up for blues, 
Give it up for everything that is not to lose. 
Now rock your socks off woman, 
We'll rock your shit up y'all. 
Give it up children now to freak your shit out! 
All right! 

[spoken] 
Now I know what a lot of you are sayin': 
"I just figured out what I'm 'onna do with the rest of my days. 
I'm 'onna get me an oversized guitar, gain forty pounds and be the next D.
" Well I got sour news for you, jack. It ain't that easy. 
For instance, are you willing to make the commitment to wakin' up
at the crack a' noon, for deep-knee rock squats!? 
Seven or eight at a time!? In a row? 
How 'bout are you willing to make the commitment 
to rock-hard tasty abs washer-board style? 
Glistening in the sun. How 'bout are you willin' to make the commitment, 
wakin' up, goin' okay, it's gig time, what t-shirt am I gonna wear? 
Can't decide: Can't decide: Brain aneurysm!
We've been through so much bullshit just to be here tonight 
to rock your fuckin' socks off. And all we ask in return is so precious little. 
All we're askin' you to do is drop trou and squeeze out 
a Cleveland Steamer on my chest. 

[sung] 
2-3-4, 
Give it up for KG, give it up for me, 
Give it up for KG, give it up for me, 
Give it up for rock, give it up for blues, 
Give it up for everything that is not to lose. 
Now rock your socks off woman, 
We'll rock your shit up y'all. 
Give it up children won't you freak your shit out! 
All right! 
[ad-lib hollers & screams]