(Yeah)
(I'm high as fuck)
(We in the studio though)

Light up another one, we could get lit
Up in the party, we don't give a shit
Turnin' the music up loud as a bitch
Rollin' a sticky, she sipping' the liq
Too young for the club, but I get in
Can't nobody understand the way I'm livin'
I've been cruising 'round the block all day
Smokin' joint after joint with the rooftop missing
I'm with the homies, we walk in the party and shotgun a beer
All of you pussy ass bitches, I know it, I'm makin' it clear
All of these women are spendin' too much time lookin' in the mirror
All of that staring they changin' you girl and I'm making it clearer
Everybody wanna take shot after shot till can't no more
Then they wanna smoke my weed, but I'm drunk and I can't even roll
You ain't gotta worry bout the green cause you know I got plenty more
Back in the studio, rappin' and sippin' that Henny slow

Money over pussy, I got safe sex, (I got safe sex)
Turnin' up for nothin', that's some fake shit. (that's some fake shit)
I don't feel the need to celebrate this, (nah!)
Why? Cause I turn up for that paycheck. (turn up, turn up!)
Cause I turn up for that paycheck. (for that paycheck)
Cause I turn up for that paycheck. (for that paycheck)
Cause I turn up for that paycheck. (for that paycheck)
Why? Cause I turn up for that paycheck. (let's get it!)

[Kyle Massey:]
Party in the bank, imma turn up for that check
Call me Gualla Gualla, I got diamonds on my neck
Big bank nigga, and I'm really out, flex. (Woh!)
They be like, "Massey, did you call that rave yet?" (Woh!)
Exotic, exotic, exotic
That profit, that profit, that profit
These niggas, they see me afford my motion
I'm dropping these hits while they floppin'
Your bitch give me sloppy toppy
Maejor Ali in that 'rari
Niggas this season, they must be the reason why niggas be Sargent like Larry
Man, fuck all these niggas, bring three more hoes
So that nigga can't see no show
All of these diamonds can't see no gold
We rollin' them dice on casino flo
Bad bitch, on my microphone's her favorite song, she ain't even know
Coke boys, and that white goes, with that he-he, that Michael

Money over pussy, I got safe sex, (I got safe sex)
Turnin' up for nothin', that's some fake shit. (that's some fake shit)
I don't feel the need to celebrate this, (nah!)
Why? Cause I turn up for that paycheck. (turn up, turn up!)
Cause I turn up for that paycheck. (for that paycheck)
Cause I turn up for that paycheck. (for that paycheck)
Cause I turn up for that paycheck. (for that paycheck)
Why? Cause I turn up for that paycheck. (let's get it!)