Let's call this the quiet city: 
Where screams are felt as a wave of stoplights 
Drive through the streets as gunshots punctuate the night
The sides we take divide us from our faith 
And the morning dove gets caught in the telephone wire 

Asleep you set the fire in your own house 
And the night was a knife that cut 
And I'm paralyzed 

Cross out the eyes 
Blur all the lines 
Tearing this canvas from the wall 
We crossed out the eyes 
Put lines through these cries 
We pulled all the leaves from the trees that fall 

A silent dance that we did into this hospital bed 
Hear voices from another room 
"It happens all the time" 
But July in the sand 
The leaves falling
And counting down our days to live.... 
Drain the blood from this valentine. 

"We can rise on the wings of the dove 
See blue skies getting caught in the trail of all this smoke 
We can rise like candles in the dark-yours always" 
and an envelope marked with your new address 

Asleep you set the fire in your own house 
And the night was a knife that cut 
And I'm paralyzed 

Cross out the eyes 
Blur all the lines 
Tearing this canvas from the wall 
We crossed out the eyes 
Put lines through these cries 
We pulled all the leaves from the trees that fall 

It was the first time face to face 
I'm crossing the line 
Talking to the other side of death 
Hearing the words that choke memories into flatlines 
I'm calling your name hoping for something to wash these dreams of you away 
(can't we die!)

(memories in flatlines!)

Cross out the eyes with a set of these lines
Cross out the eyes with a set of these lines!

(cross out the eyes!)
Our fence was blown down in a winter storm and this field
(Cross out the eyes!)
Stretches out of this world into the sound
(A trace of)
What can we do to put a stop to these coming white days
(A love song)
I'm hoping the snow will wash these dreams of you away

(Stretches out of this world, 
let's drive back the dead. 
Stretches out of this world.
Stretches out of this world.)