[Intro]
Nigga Usher said Let it Burn, So I'ma let this shit Burn, Burn, Burn, Burn.
Nigga Haze said Let it Burn, So I'ma let the streets Burn, Burn, Burn, Burn.
Funk Flex said Let it Burn, So I'ma let the city Burn, Burn, Burn, Burn.
Kay Slay said Let it Burn, So I'ma let New York Burn, Burn, Burn, Burn.

[Verse 1]
I'm on fire, fully on fire
My dawgs up north hear this, they gonna riot
I'm talking Red Cross, P.O.'s in their riot gear
What's this I'm hearing, New York's Big [?] yea?
Well now I'm here, ain't you glad?
All my dudes that held it down, I want to thank you fam
Thank you Kiss, WOW that's some gangsta shit
I'm going hard for New York until they clank my wrists, again
And since Wayne caught his locked up inside my pen
I've been watching from the side, I've been taking it in
Now I'm playing to win, I ain't playin' nigga
Play me I aim at your chin, then I'm straight to the pen
Do my time, come home and I'ma make it again
Glad to see Kim and Jim [?] making amends
Niggas makin em ends, instead of hatin on friends
We can all be Dame Dash and Jay on the bench
Throw my Yankee on, then I straighten the brim
Niggas disrespect my city, then he takin a swim
Got it fucked up looking for a King
One buried in Brooklyn, the other's in Sing-Sing

[Chorus]
Nigga Usher said Let it Burn, So I'ma let this shit Burn, Burn, Burn, Burn.
Mr.C said Let it Burn, So I'ma let the streets Burn, Burn, Burn, Burn.
Clue said Let it Burn, So I'ma let the city Burn, Burn, Burn, Burn.
Mel said Let it Burn, So I'ma let New York Burn, Burn, Burn, Burn.

[Verse 2]
Nigga we can take it back to Illmatic or God's Son
Or we can blaze one for Big L, the good die young
Us niggas, in the Bronx, talking bout "Why Pun?"
Everybody mama in the hood talking "My Son"
Nope it's Mysonne, the hood's rap icon
New York's been dark and I'm back to turn the lights on
Back to when Tyson had us like "Yo the fight's on"
The fresh champion hoodie with my spikes on
With my christ on, gettin my dice on
Nigga it's the Bronx, you know I got my knife on
I rep the sewers and subways till I'm under that
Drop the beat, yo Flex let's bring the tunnel back
My city's shitty, sometimes my city's Diddy
Sometimes we cock hammers and get to the nitty gritty
Niggas dying out in New York looking for a King
He's buried in Brooklyn, the other's in Sing-Sing

[Chorus]
Nigga Usher said Let it Burn, So I'ma let this shit Burn, Burn, Burn, Burn.
The boy MB said Let it Burn, So I'ma let the streets Burn, Burn, Burn, Burn.
Absolute said Let it Burn, So I'ma let the city Burn, Burn, Burn, Burn.
Silkk said Let it Burn, So I'ma let New York Burn, Burn, Burn, Burn.

[Verse 3]
What you niggas wanna hear about the lights and shit?
How I be all up in my mink with my ice and shit?
Nah I’m too gully, yea the Bronx bully
Knockin on your door with the goons and the fully
On some Larry Davis shit, shooting through the door
What you expect? It's the apple we rotten to the core
Funk Flex, it's time to kill two birds with one stone
Yo Fif, "Hate it or love it", you and Game should do a song
Somebody tell Joe that Mys ain't with the BS
We both from the BX, so it's still TS
That's for the Cuban nigga and my Cubans
Sometimes it gets wild out here, Rick Rubin
On the FDR, the six moving, two strikers, Rikers, Lifers
Can't be stupid, so next time you get lost lookin for a king
Take a ride to Brooklyn, to visit the Sing-Sing

[Chorus]
Nigga Usher said Let it Burn, So I'ma let this shit Burn, Burn, Burn, Burn.
My girl Angie said Let it Burn, So I'ma let the streets Burn, Burn, Burn, Burn.
Funk Styles said Let it Burn, So I'ma let the city Burn, Burn, Burn, Burn.
Kutt said Let it Burn, So I'ma let New York Burn, Burn, Burn, Burn.