[Intro/Chorus - Keyshia Cole]
Eyyy-yeaa...
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaah...
Heeeey, yeah...
See ever since the day I got the chance to make a change
I've been in this game, it's a new day
And I'm makin it known 'cause, I just want the world to know
I'm payin my dues, and I got the utmost, I just wanna let you know
I'm payin homage 'cause, you've paved the way for meeee, ye-yeah

[The Game]
I swear to God, it feel like every day is my birthday
Let the top down, California's my birthplace
So I'ma take you there like B.I.G took niggaz to New York
"Juicy" had us feelin like we was from New York
And that's real shit, blazed the Philly
It's "Summertime", shout out to Will Smith
'cause who didn't wanna be the (Fresh Prince)?
Flat top, gold chain and some fresh kicks
My nigga Nas told me "Money Make the World go Round"
and Uncle Luke showed me how to make my girl go down
I've been around Hip Hop since '85
She had her ups and downs but she stayed alive
I used to think LL stood for "Love LA"
He from Queens, how the fuck he put that with Cool J?
Red Kangol hat, red sweatsuit to match
Red Adidas, nigga, Game is back

[Chorus: Keyshia Cole]
And ever since the day I got the chance to make a change 
I've been in this game, it's a new day
And I'm makin it known 'cause, I just want the world to know
I'm payin my dues, and I got the utmost, I just wanna let you know
I'm payin homage 'cause, you've paved the way for meeee, ye-yeah

[The Game (Keyshia Cole)]
Public Enemy and N.W.A
is on my boombox, had to say
"Today was a Good Day" had the hood buzzin
Ice Cube my favorite rapper, y'all niggaz cain't tell me nothing
Everybody first bootleg was "Boyz N the Hood"
Whoever thought gangsta rap would make noise in the hood?
When the cars ride by with the "Boomin' System"
Two door Mustang, and the roof was missin
Every girl at'cha school had the new extensions
Even gangstas was dancin like New Edition
'cause the house parties stayed rockin all night
Niggaz came through and shot it up but it was alright (alright)
'cause after the cops left, it was a party then
You down with O.P.P.? Then bring Naughty in
They say "It Never Rain in Southern California", Tony! Toni! lied
Sit back, watch Game throw his money in the sky

[Chorus]

[The Game]
Cash Rules Everything Around Me, C.R.E.A.M get the money
in the back, I relax with all the hunnies
DJ bring it back, let it go
Mix it in with Black Rob, make 'em say "WHOA!"
Everything full circle, Game livin major
Girls on my hip like a Skytel pager
Now I'm on the top, let the champagne pop
Throw ya hands in the sky 'cause The Game don't stop
Just a little more change, gotta Benz and the Range
Every rap metaphor always ends in my name
The Kool Hercs, DJ Red Alerts
Before I was born they was talkin 'bout The Game
Ask a Jay-Z fan 'bout Big Daddy Kane
Don't know him, Game gonna show 'em
Just like they showed me, my lyrics is O.G
When it's all said and done, you niggaz gon' quote me

[Chorus]

[Outro: Keyshia Cole]
See, Mary J. I want you to understaaaaand..
You paved the way (for me)
I'm givin homage (to you)