Sometimes I pull up on Brazil and Wilmington like 3 o'clock in the morning, stop my car, let the top down.
Don't nobody know I'm there, just reminiscing bout the days when we used to be in [?] crack spot,
with my brother Fase, King Frog, Squid Big Dan, D-Bo, D-Los.
Back when Lil' Frog and Badass they was lil niggas, lil wild niggas running round the hood.
My nigga Slim 'Ru is in the joint doing ten. That's my solid nigga, on Bloods.
My nigga Peanut, he in jail now. My lil' cousin Domo and my homeboy Buddha Ru. This Cedar block

I remember days like this, my nigga
We was tripping cause we hated Crips, my nigga
Shooting out of six trays and shit, my nigga
He was slipping so we sprayed his six, my nigga
I done seen some brazy shit, my nigga
A kid shot cause he raised his fist, my nigga
Fiends stealing cause they can't get a fix, my nigga
Sharing needles, passing AIDS and shit, my nigga
It's fucked up but I was raised in this, my nigga
Been smoking purple haze since six, my nigga
And my moms wasn't no lazy bitch, my nigga
I seen her hustle that's what made me rich, my nigga
But all this shit is overrated that's why I don't give a fuck no more
I don't want this Benz or this truck no more
I started off doing this shit cause I love this shit, Blood
Seeing the homie slap box, I love this shit, Blood
Sitting in my Impala like I love this shit, Blood
Weren't never 'bout a dollar, I just love this shit, Blood
Scrapping after school, Compton high wasn't bool
Could have went to Centennial but I love this shit, Blood
Used to bang Quik, yeah I love this shit, Blood
Mausberg was sick and I love this shit, Blood
Then I gave Wacko my demo outside of Food 4 Less
He came back in ten minutes like "I love this shit, Blood"
West side Piru, I love this shit Blood
Elm street to the Fruits yeah I love this shit, Blood
Crip neighborhoods too, even though they blue
Compton is where we grew and I love this shit, Blood

I seen some brazy shit, my nigga
I done seen some brazy shit, my nigga
I done seen some brazy shit, my nigga
I done seen some brazy shit, my nigga
I done seen some brazy shit, my nigga
I done took some fades with Crips, my nigga
My own homies did some shady shit, my nigga
But that's the shit that made me this, my nigga

[Asia Bryant:]
All my life's been so complicated
But I will never turn my back on Compton
Our shit is so overrated
But I will never change who I am
So I'm riding for Compton
I ride, I ride, I ride, I ride for Compton

I done seen some brazy shit, my nigga
I done seen some brazy shit, my nigga
I done seen some brazy shit, my nigga
I done seen some brazy shit, my nigga
I done seen some brazy shit, my nigga
I done took some fades with Crips, my nigga
My own homies did some shady shit, my nigga
Got a voicemail from Braze, what's this, my nigga

[Voicemail:]
Blood! Chuck, you know what it is, Blood!
You know I only call you when its on some real shit, homie
I gotta tell you: Stay the fuck up out them streets, Blood;
You done came to motherfucking far
To be playing with these bitch-ass niggas out here
On Westside Bompton Piru
Nigga you know I been holding you down ever since you was young, Blood
You know, niggas out here getting killed
All the motherfucking homeboys, and nobody doing shit!
But nigga, you got a way up outta this motherfucker, Blood
Nigga, you a real Bompton motherfucker
Nigga Cedar block, you already know how I do it, nigga
Motherucking O.G. Westside Bompton Piru Brazy
Aka Frank Pace, niggas know me
Y'all know how I get down
That's my lil' motherfucking homeboy
Blood done made it up outta here
Looking out for his kids, looking out for his family
Any nigga get in his way gon get it, on Bompton!
Chuck, Blood, don't let them do you like they did my nigga 2Pac
2Pac, 2Pac, 2Pac, 2Pac...