[Jelly Roll:]
Ego's, ego's
We broke up like The Beatles
Now a nigga out here on his own, WOO YEAH!
Grandmama baby gotta turn up
Granddaddy was a preacher, YEAH!
What the fuck that got to do with me, though?
Not a goddamn thing, not a motherfucking thing, NO!
Big nigga got a dream, motherfucking dream, I turn 'em to reality
Wake up in the morning by myself
So I'mma go hard 'til I got nothing left
’Cause I'mma die by myself, just like you, motherfucker
’Cause you ain't no better than me, no better than we ('tell 'em)
Motherfucker
Everytime I'm in the light, I'm in the dark, Ray Charles (Ray Charlie!)
Like OOH, OOH YEAH! GOOD LORD! HASHTAG!
What has changed besides the whole motherfucking world?
It won't be long before the whole world go into stress

[Game & (Jelly Roll):]
Smoke enough to get fucked up
(Get high nigga, hold on, we smoking for)
Til' the day I die nigga, West side nigga, smoking chocolate thai nigga
Can't hit my mothafuckin' blunt unless yo ass got five nigga
Bumpin' Luniz, watchin' Goonies get head on my mama's couch, she walked in
Had to cuss my mama out, she said get a job, get up off yo ass
(I'm like "Ooh Hashtag"!)
Now just relax my nigga, picture me rollin' down Compton Boulevard
With a chopper on my lap, now repost that my nigga
Don't make me DM your BM, she wanna see him cause he win whatever he in
Park a Bugatti at my mama house
They ain't even payin' rent, livin' sugar free
(Nigga why you bullshittin')
I'm just a hood nigga, all I wanna do is buy swishers
Take pictures while I'm fucking on these bitches
Hittin' switches while I'm dippin'
Red Cup full of betchu can't kill it
Three wheelin' and I bet I won't spill it
Not one drip
Been driving through Compton all day ain't got sweated by one Crip
It's my lucky day, and even if it wasn't, a nigga still wouldn't give a fuck today
Don't pull it if you ain't gonna blast
My nigga you can be a hashtag! (Yeah!)

[Jelly Roll:]
Everytime I'm in the light (I'm in the light)
I'm in the dark (In the dark)
Ray Charles (Ray Charles)
Like ooh, yeah, get lost
Hashtag!
What has changed besides the whole motherfucking world?
It won't be long before the whole world go into stress
I swear
Goddamn
Believe that
No brakes