[The Game:]
When the last time you seen 2Pac?
When the last time you seen 2Pac?
When the last time you seen 2Pac?
When the last time you seen 2Pac?

[The Game:]
I know who killed Pac, nigga
The police know who killed Pac, nigga
Suge Knight know who killed Pac, nigga
He died at the car wash, the world heard the shots, nigga
Then they killed Biggie, he just came through to visit
Rampart division, Pirus ain't had nothing to do with it
So many niggas in caskets, then turned ashes
Some get shot, some Hussein Fatal in car crashes
I think it's a conspiracy theory, Illuminati
How Pac died and two months later they killed Kadafi
Then they killed Buntry Al and Heron, they getting sloppy
LAPD, these niggas worse than the Nazis
And Pac was only 25, thuggin' as a youngin'
Sitting shotgun, I wonder if he seen them shots coming
Guess it don't matter, all the niggas buried, though
Wouldn't have never happened if Suge kept it real with Harry-O

[Harry-O:]
The way I look at it is like this, even me man, coming up in that game, right.
I came up in that game, man, and I was blind to a lot of things.
And even though I came to jail for some bullshit, I believe that the karma had a lot to do with that.
See that's what happened with Fat Boy when he disrespected me in the game.
But I was a good dude in a lot of ways to a lot of people and so a lot of people that crossed me in different ways think they gon' have karma.
So karma swings for me both ways, what you put out you get back.
You put out good shit, you gon' get good shit; it may not always look like it because sometimes there be obstacles in the between.
But I dun learned cause when I was on the street I used to go hard in the paint about different shit.
What I learned over the years though is, man, sometimes you ain't gotta be the judge,
the jury or the situation cause karma gonna handle it’s business cause it’s (fair)

[Scarface:]
Late night down Sunset, liking the scene
On a tour bus in St. Paul, riding to win
Don't know how it begin, every day was a new
When he was young, living life fast and rhyming his truth
And if crack had took a part of the homies family tree
The lil' nigga he was talking 'bout was probably me
And him to know my life story and we not even meet
When we did, it was like we'd known each other for dealing
When the last time I seen him, he was playing his tape
And he would lay the title Makaveli the Great
Smile for me, yeah, it's strictly for my niggas
Try to touch money, high on weed and liquor
Hoping God'll forgive us, we been stuck here in the Matrix
Dead before you dishonor a nigga when he face him
Whatever shit you dealing with, you get you two Glocks
I guarantee that pussy shit'll stop
When the last time you seen 2Pac?

[The Game:]
When the last time you seen 2Pac?
When the last time you seen 2Pac?
When the last time you seen 2Pac?
When the last time you seen 2Pac?

[The Game:]
Last time I seen him was in the mirror this morning
Riverside, motherfucker