[2PAC]
We finna do this shit like this
...Bitch I'm a muthafucking Martian

Time to show these bustas who's boss
Run up on a real motherfucker and get tossed
The game is deep, and thicker than a motherfuckin jimmy
Broke hoes runnin round yellin "Gimme!"
I can't stand it, hoes talkin bout they got a man
Shit all I wanted her to do is suck my DICK
So how about hittin a motherfucker on my pager
Busy now bitch but you can give me the pussy later
Fly how I fade her, played her like a game of Sega
Fuckin with the player that done made her, huh
And I ain't sleepin caught you creepin for my money
Got the dick and now you get the pistol honey (bitch)
So get the bozack, knockin hoes back, keep my dough stacked
So where the motherfuckin hoes at?
Punk niggaz can't fade the mack, livin fat
Gettin paid to rap, it's like that, you motherfuckin bitches

[CHORUS] 
Bitch I'm a muthafuckin Martian (Goddamn Goblin)
Bitch I'm a muthafuckin Martian (Just a goddamn Goblin)
Yeah, Bitch I'm a Muthafuckin Martian (I'm a goddamn Goblin)
Muthafuckin Martian (Goddamn Goblin)
We are not the same, I am a Martian

[DMX]
We don't bark no more, we bite
Motherfucker from the heart, we can get this war on tonight
Ain't nuttin but a thang 'cause the camp gets busy
Fuckin' wit' the 'Line? It's a rizzy
Shit ain't the same, cats done changed the game
Fuck it, all y'all niggaz is lame, what's my motherfuckin' name?
(Come on) Twenty million records sold
While y'all niggaz is strugglin' to go gold!
Come on papi! Can't none of y'all niggaz stop me
Yahmean? Y'all niggaz is sloppy
What would the game be without me? Nada!
Cats talk about a whole lotta, Prada
Gucci Escada, Louis Vuitton
Come on, what up with what's really goin' on?
"What's hood?" Cats ain't killin' nuttin but a few minutes
I'm about to bury a box wit'chu in it

[CHORUS] 

[THE GAME]
I do cause Tunechi always bless me (Ahtchoo)
He killed me on my own track, so what? Not you
Fuck you, I spit like I had kids with Erykah Badu
I fucked her on the day of that naked video shoot
I was sucking her pussy like it was wonton soup
Then I hit Lebron's mom in bron-bron's coupe
With Delante West taping, we had bon-bons too
With Cleveland cheerleaders, they had pom-poms too
I smacked them bitches wearing Bishop Don Juan's suit
(Where was Snoop?) I don't know, probably doing what the Crips do
But when I'm with my uncle, fuck it! Then I'm a Crip too
And I will Crip Weezy, Crip Jones, and Crip you
Now I'm the Doggfather, walking with a Shih Tzu
Mad that DC comics overlooked me
Cause Captain America's straight pussy

[CHORUS] 
Bitch I'm a muthafuckin Martian (Goddamn Goblin)
Bitch I'm a muthafuckin Martian (Just a goddamn Goblin)
Yeah, Bitch I'm a Muthafuckin Martian (I'm a goddamn Goblin)
Mouthafuckin Martian (Goddamn Goblin)
We are not the same, I am a Martian