Walk up in the club with the million dollar is on
Swing her side to side, like my head long
Feeling like Tucci in this small fucker
Eyes Japanese, blowing sushi in this motherfucker
No true religions, just levi, come on down to the ski hive
Your bitch love to play soft ball, I let her ballin' knee high
She ride the dick like yee-haw
She don't fuck with no cowboys
I beat it up like I'm he-man
She love fuckin' them key men
And after I score I do the saucer and then
Victor crew is in that Phantom
Drop the antenna
I think I see some haters in here
I think I see some haters in here
Caught the ratch (dawg)

(Dawg) Cause them niggas still mean muggin'
Nigga what you lookin' at?
(Dawg) You nigga still mean muggin'
What you lookin' at?
(Dawg) You nigga still mean muggin'
Bitch, whatcha lookin' at?
(Dawg) You nigga still mean muggin'
Man, that shit don't even mean nothin'

Yea, they mean muggin', the 3D version
Ball in your face like Pee Wee Herman
Jack of all trades, no ace of spades
But I got a ace in my twenty ounces Gatorade
Shake that, shake that, shake it then pull it
I have me a threesome, round four something
Asta la vista, grid storm freezer
Automatic weapon, chopper had a seizure
Fire. Snap back through your snap back
Ran out of room and my trunks all need a hash back
How you niggas leaking?
Hope you niggas listenin'
Big money talk. Why you niggas whisperin'?

Cause them niggas still mean muggin'
(Dawg) Nigga what you lookin' at?
You nigga still mean muggin'
(Dawg) What you lookin' at?
You nigga still mean muggin'
(Dawg) Bitch, whatcha lookin' at?
You nigga still mean muggin'
(Dawg) Man, that shit don't even mean nothin'

Roll up in the club like a owner's motherfucka'
Old niggas kicking jeans I'm like pawning motherfucka'
Hoes wipe me down, Little Boosty in this motherfucka'
Rolling that Lili, Fuji's in this motherfucka'
I say Lili, Carmelo in this motherfucka'
Shorty wanna puff, J Lo in this motherfucka'
High rollers bank stop, tattoos, tank tops
Bad news, thanks pop, you mean fool lamb chops
You know I run my city, please believe that
Got that work with them canines on rehab
Niggas licking up their face, we go eye in that
Get Rob Cole game, he gon let you buy it back

(Dawg) Cause them niggas still mean muggin'
Nigga what you lookin' at?
(Dawg) You nigga still mean muggin'
What you lookin' at?
(Dawg) You nigga still mean muggin'
Bitch, whatcha lookin' at?
(Dawg) You nigga still mean muggin'
Man, that shit don't even mean nothin'