[Verse 1:]
Uh, let Jesus take the wheel of the Phantom, baby!
Close my eyes, wake up, I'm in Atlanta, baby
Who put the magic in Magic City? Lees did!
Who popping Magnum bottles with Diddy? Meek yea!
Tell 'em where the beast is, tell 'em where the beach is
Leaning back on my beach chair, yeah
I'm something like a leap year
Niggas don't see me that often in this Rari
But nigga, we're here!
Foreign baby, just like I got a charamon in this back wood
Let it burn, baby! (We make niggas so emotional)
I gotta pull out that hundred foot yacht and poke it with a hose
We in the Poconos, stroking hoes til they open those leggings
Niggas ain't begging, we're getting all the dough
Money over bitches, till I'm fucking Oprah
So, back away from my Phantom, so I can open the door

[Hook:]
Marble floors, Lamborghini doors,
Oh Lord
Oh Lord
Oh Lord!
Leanin out the window on the West Side, that side, West Side
Smoking green you ain't never seen!
(Can I hit that?)

[Verse 2:]
Just hold it fine baby
Take a puff out it
Damn, run and tell Puff bout it
Compton get on masterpiece shit, we bout it bout it
Up in Greenstone, too fucking crowded
Unless it's supper club after suck my blood
Say my nigga Nick in that bitch, what's up with cause?
Fuck a cop, blood, got guns it's on the up enough
Fuck with blood, cause got hundred niggas just rolling up
Still soowoo, gotta give it to my niggas, man
My nigga Skee, my nigga Wayne
My nigga Joe Moses got the hoes opened
My nigga YG winning, I kept the door opened
Can't forget about my nigga top dog
Put Kendrick on a pedestal where thou shall not fall
One love to my lil nigga Problem
Got LA turned up, like what, got him

[Hook:]
Marble floors, Lamborghini doors,
Oh Lord
Oh Lord
Oh Lord!
Leanin out the window on the West Side, that side, West Side
Smoking green you ain't never seen!
(Can I hit that?)

[Outro:]
You smoking sherm baby
Nigga, what a fuck? I'm from the Valley
We don't smoke sherm
I don't know what ya'll doing in Compton
But in the eight one eight we put weed in weed
Nigga, you tripping!
I'm just fucking with you, I wouldn't lace you away
Oh!
Fuck it then, let's smoke