[Intro:]
Aye Pops
They love that sofa shit
OKE
I mean he do this shit 'cus he love it
I mean he did this shit 'cause you couldn't find Just Blazin
We go
Just a fine nigga.

[Verse 1:]
I'm back, open the door nigga,
All this bout the verse, what is it for nigga?
I ain't Jay-Z nigga, I'm still poor nigga
Hey y'all stat, welcome into the store nigga,
My baby mama hope my feelings got me sore nigga,
But that's cool 'cause I'm bad to my core nigga,
What's up? 40 glock you want some more nigga?
Game don't fall off, Game get bored nigga
Compton, got it coming out my Porsche nigga
I'm like Cassidy with 25 million
Stack it up, that's like a project building
Get back with 50 but I can't 'cause I killed em,
Wait, have you seen him?
Not out proper, nigga living on that mill cart
And my nigga Boosie still ain't got a car to swerve

[Hook:]
Said my nigga Boosie still ain't got a car nah, swerve
My lil nigga Boosie still ain't got a car nah, swerve
Say my nigga Lil Boosie still ain't got a car nah, swerve

[Verse 2:]
So take a shot at any of my little niggas, it's raw nigga,
Fuck a gun, we bring hammers, like we throwin nigga
My nigga Pops got beats you can't ignore nigga
Said my nigga Pops got beats you can't afford nigga
Wake up double the kush, we by the shore nigga
It's 3: 40 now, back in Compton by 4 nigga
105, doing 105, shell slides like dubs in it,
I'm so good with the razor
Take the heart, break the soap and carve doves in it,
I got your bitch no club fin it,
I wear raw, bust a nut in me
Disrespect intended however you spend it got sucker in it
'Cause none of ya'll from out here,
You think you run out here, have your ass on a run out here
You a bum out here, and no don't call Biggie
'Cause we in the fam and then we bout to bust a big Q, swerve

[Hook:]
Said my nigga Boosie still ain't got a car nah, swerve
My lil nigga Boosie still ain't got a car nah, swerve

And all these lame niggas droppin Gucci flat top fuck that, swerve
Say my lil nigga did smash a car and we gon swerve

[Outro:]
Hey Pops, you a motherfucker for this shit,
I told you what I'm a do,
I'm a talk to you motherfuckin slow about
4 and a half more bars
And I'm a let that bitch breathe,
So when my nigga Boosie get out the motherfucking joint,
Then catch some shit on one these motherfuckers
So full of shit
Breathe...
Breathe...
Breathe...
Breathe...
Breathe...