[Intro - Radio Announcer:]
We gonna get into this next jam of the week right here. It's called White Soft Porn. You know what I'm talkin' about. I'm the infamous Turbo [?], you dig? And this is WSP radio, where even if you got sloppy walls, you still gettin' balls in your jaws

[Verse 1 - The Game:]
Walk in the liquor store like where the patrón, I need a whole case
Throwin' that Britney take out the Ghostface
You know that white girl go both ways
And you know what I mean if you ever sold yay
We can take it from the top like San Jose
Or the bottom of the yacht in St. Tropez
So, pop the rosé, ok, ok
She got a white bronco, call her OJ
She like slow man, she my snow flake
Don't smoke chronic, but she can sniff the whole eighth
Her Columbian. Like Scarface
And we ain't gotta fuck. She all face
She from the valley, somewhere in Cali
My homie Snoop used to fuck with her sister Sally
I pulled over in the alley
She shift my gears and whispered in my ear

[Hook - Mars:]
I wanna do it to you. (We ain't gotta fuck)
I'm talkin' white soft porn
So let me blow your mind. (We ain't gotta fuck)
I'm talkin' white soft porn

[Verse 2 - Asher Roth:]
Yea, Ay, Uh
Don't be intimidated
When I put it on you, baby, you be liberated
Ay, We gettin' innovative
This new position that I'm thinkin', let me demonstrate it
Ay, Ain't gotta fornicate
And your performance is important when you use your face
Ay, She never used to be this way
She was a les 'til I went ahead and screwed her straight
Ay, undo your bra with one hand
If anything is gonna care it on and cum can
Cum again, invite 'em if you have any fun friends
I love it when it's girl upon girl with one man
Ay, put your butt on my mustache, fuck that
Won't eat unless your shavin' the muff back, puff pass
Rub 'em from the front to the butt crack
She love it when I play with my tongue, I'm just sayin'

[Hook - Mars:]
I wanna do it to you. (We ain't gotta fuck)
I'm talkin' white soft porn
So let me blow your mind. (We ain't gotta fuck)
I'm talkin' white soft porn

[Verse 3 - Tyga:]
Now, now, let's get acquainted
Shots of Cîroc how you let up like Vegas
SL painted
Top back drop take a photo half-naked
Don't be lazy
We on that, everyday a wet dream, baby
Sex on the beach by the leather on the seats
Lookin' for some head, I don't really gotta think
She said you know where I be, Roosevelt suite
Haha. Sunset women like the best
Walkin' at the light like I can change your life
Yea, yea, I rarely see the same girl twice
Let me get her number then I'm fuckin' tonight
Tell her call her friend then we fuckin' tonight
She left that nigga, watch, I'mma do it right
Ain't nothin' to these dollar bills in my high fashion
Champagne glasses pourin' on they asses
So many girls, I ain't never gotta act. Just say

[Hook - Mars:]
I wanna do it to you. (We ain't gotta fuck)
I'm talkin' white soft porn
So let me blow your mind. (We ain't gotta fuck)
I'm talkin' white soft porn