[Verse 1:]
Work on the way, coke in the speed
I got a kilo of Molly, few thousand Oxy's and weed
I'm bout to tear this shit down
I got the purest shit 'round
These niggas ain't fucking with me
My junkies jump on the jitney
I whip the flake with a fork
Oh you think it's a joke?
Oh you think it's a game?
But I'm hoping you don't
I got this shit all in a yoke, caught in the sleeper
And I started with beakers and tweakers, Chevy's and Regals
I hit the bass in the speakers, behind the bass in the speakers
I hid fifty DP's in each tongue in my sneaker
I get it then, I get it off
Skull, and sell it all
Y'all, I can flip it by tomorrow, you can bet a car
Bogota blizzard on my block and I just made a call
I got the sack, I came to drop and then I'm taking off

[Hook:]
(Feel me)
Came to drop the sack off (feel me)
I ain't counting, I ain't weighing
I ain't chilling, I ain't staying, nawm' sayin'
I just came to drop the sack off (feel me)
I ain't counting, I ain't weighing
I ain't chilling, I ain't staying, nawm' sayin'
I just came to drop, drop
I just came to drop the sack off
(Drop, drop, drop, drop, drop)
I just came to drop the sack off
(Drop, drop, drop, drop, drop)
I just came to drop the sack off (feel me)
I ain't counting, I ain't weighing
I ain't chilling, I ain't staying, nawm' sayin' (feel me)

[Verse 2:]
Who want it raw? Who want it soft?
Who on the block? Who on the ball?
Tell me, who need a pound? Tell me, who need an onion? (tell me)
Fuck what you're telling me, just tell me you got the money
You say you get it cheaper? But still my shit more ether
Get Franklin's no Aretha, you broke and and get no doritos
What's the play on the 'yay? He say give me three days
We just a field goal away, we 'bout to reload the safe
Every minute on the Muller, that's a c-note to make
When you see I break this brick back up there won't be no debate
Zoe told me he got it, I'm speaking Creole today
My Cuban told me he buy it, now it's frijole's and steak

[Hook]

[Outro: x4]
Drop, drop, drop, drop
Drop, drop, drop, feel me