[Hook: Gunplay & (YG)]
Me and my dogs in this bitch like (whoop)
Jumpin off the wall like (whoop)
Money on the floor like (whoop)
Fuck with me you gon' get your ass (whooped)
(Like waz hanin doe? Waz hanin doe?
Waz hanin doe? Girl, waz hanin?
Like waz hanin doe? Waz hanin doe?
Like waz hanin doe? Nigga waz hanin?)

[Verse 1: Gunplay]
A nigga ridin clean 7 tray Chevrolet
Double up on the triple beam everyday
Handgun right here, AK on the way
She charge for the pussy? That's cool, I don't pay
Riding up and down the block looking for the thots
I'm a street sweeper, now go and get the mops
What it do? What it is? Motherfuck what it was
Gunplay, nigga, and you know what it does
Shots fired, probably one of us
Fire fire, laid him down in his dust
You ain't my dog, I don't know you, get the fuck on
Or I'ma be the nigga that you ran out of luck on

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Gunplay]
Ain't no games getting played right here
Ain't no hoes getting saved right here
Nigga talking 'bout he opened shop, huh?
But ain't no money getting made right here
From the south to the west make them bow to the best
Burned a bunch of money and I'm digging up the rest
Got a snow bunny and I broke her for a check
One cent short and I'ma choke her on her neck
Drop bombs on your mom, fuck car alarms
Tats on my face, back, belly, leg, arms
Black bottle busta, can't knock my hustle
Chopper on my dresser, get it poppin', nigga, what's up?

[Hook]

[Verse 3: YG]
Walked in this bitch like waz hanin
I'm from west side Bompton, what's brackin'?
In high school you was a bitch, why you actin?
You know I'm bitch-nigga-bashin' with a passion
You tried to ride on a nigga that's a bitch move
But every punch I throw I swear I hit you
Oh yeah, I'm thirsty, don't let me hold a pistol
Be at your doorstep like LA Times when it's an issue
I need to gut a bitch, never gonna tell her shit
Don't give a fuck, when I come home she swallow dick
She know I make that cake so she take my case
But try to talk to her she will probably break your face

[Hook]