"Jay Dee, please... pick up-" [dial tone, number dialed]

("Are we on the air?") Uh-uh
("Are we on the air?") Yes, you are
("Hello, Ma! Uhh.. I'd like to hear a new beat on the request line")
("Okay, you got it. Coming up..") {"Get down!" - [James Brown]}

[Posdnuos]
Aiyyo, answering any alter service 
Perogative praised positively I'm acquitted 
Enemies publicly shame my utility 
But after the battle they're admitting I'm with it 
Simply soothe will move, vinyl like groove
Transistors are never more shown with like 
When vocal flow brings it all down in ruins 
Designed with the sounds of Dilla, we call it Plug Tunin'

[Chorus]
("Are we on the air?") We in the D tonight, y'all
("Are we on the air?") We live with Dilla tonight
("Are we on the air?") Yo, shout out to Ma Dukes ("Hello, Ma!")

[Dave]
Aiyyo, gaze at the sight of a method 
Dive beneath the depth of a neverending verse 
Gasping and swallowing every last letter 
Vocalised liquid holds the quench of your thirst 
Reasons for the rhythm is for causes unknown 
Different individuals are dazzled by the showbiz 
Auditions are gathered but the Soul would just rather 
Hold a count at three.. and in the end leave it as it is 
Flow to the sway of my do-re, mi 
Leaving are fixed lunatics who will hawk 
Words are sent to the vents of all humans 
Then converted to a phrase called talk 
Musical notes will send a new motto 
Every last poem is recited at noon {"Get down!" - [James Brown]}
Focus is set, let your Polaroids click 
As they capture the essence of Dilla with this Plug Tunin' 

[Chorus]
("Are we on the air?") We in the D tonight, y'all
("Are we on the air?") We live with Dilla tonight
("Are we on the air?") Yo, show love, it's Ma Dukes ("Hello, Ma!")

[Posdnuos]
Flowing in file with a new style 
Barrels are cleaned and loaded for salute 
Chanters with the choice standing steady like my mouthpiece 
Paragraph preacher, now introduced 
Drums are heard sounding off on each and every person 
Vocal confetti is blown at top stage 
Roses and violets aren't proper for throwing 
when showing appreciation, why? This is a DA.I.S.Y. Age! 
Hands won't sweat cause there's no threat 
Mic will stay dry while placin Soul use
Rhymes aren't fables but stable to be on time 
Cause they're marketed and labeled speaker 'Posdnuos' 
This pitch will fit with every consumer 
Microphone use in self will start blooming 
Profit and cost should never be lost 
All due to the sounds of Dilla, we call it Plug Tunin' 

[Chorus]
("Are we on the air?") We in the D tonight
("Are we on the air?") We live with Dilla tonight, y'all
("Are we on the air?") Yeah, salute Ma Dukes ("Hello, Ma!")
("Are we on the air?") We in the D tonight
("Are we on the air?") We reppin Dilla tonight, y'all
("Are we on the air?") Yeah, and put it up for Ma Dukes ("Hello, Ma!")

[Outro]
We get down tonight y'all...

{"Paid the-" "Jay!"}