(Thank you, thank you, and for my latest basket of cherries, here it
goes, baby!) 
Mess up my mind, mess up my mind, mess up my mind wit the eye patch 
Mess up my mind, mess up my mind, mess up my mind wit the eye patch 
Mess up my mind, mess up my mind, mess up my mind wit the eye patch 
(Everything I do's gonna be fine) 

[POS:]
Channeling in sync so my would bring (WHAT!) 
Wit dat, causin' all fat I'm responsible for ya diet 
(Keep it quiet!) 
Yo I got beats. State this stitch on my national fabric 
My daughter will speak the arabic that's how I lift 
Levitate to my nation when holding up your nickels 
I pie like crumble so I Don like Rickles 
Like green on the pickle 
My papes are the up master of the cabbage patch 

[DOVE:]
Ya eyes got the latch 

[POS:]
So catch the cut, I hold the rut 
For the people's reminder when in Maseo Path 
I be the finder of the patch 

[DOVE:]
Can the cat's tongue slip, ya do the 'da dip' 
Take the horse into the jolly ranch 
Keep the hush 
The good, the bad, and Uncle Tom, beat it kid 
(Whoaaaa....!) 
Do doo doo do do do do do 
Show the sheep cause I found the food 
When I string the man wit the eye patch 
The eye patch 
When I'm walkin' it and could ya make it go sha na na na 
(Mmmmmmm) 

[POS:]
It sniffs good 
Punks show disguises when I'm standing in the wood 
I be the in 'cause the brother holdin' glocks is out 
I be the in 'cause the pusher runnin' blocks is out 
I be the in 'cause the kid smokin' weed, 
Shootin' seed which leads to a girl's stomach 
Being 'bout a half a ton is out 
Show the finger print 
And give me good grief for my lumber 
Pants will sag 'cause I'm licensed as a plumber 
Feel the Plug 
(Yo, something's wrong here) 
Now give a shout 

[DOVE:] Yo what's up, I'd like to give a holler to Big 7 off in the
Oakenone! 
[POS:] And I bring an income in to my baby girl Twyla in White Plains and
all my peoples out in Delaware. 
[MASE:] Yeah yeah yeah, and I like to give a shout out to all those
rappers who dissed us on records, and I wanna
let you know you're still wack. 
And oh yeah, I ain't mentioned no names 'cause you might f... 

(All right. I'm sorry, I didn't know you were going back to that) 
(Ecoutez. Ecoutez.)