[DOVE:]
I was walking on the water when I saw a crocodile 
He had daisies in his hat, so I stopped him for a while 
He delivered me a message, a massage to soothe my stage 
What it was was more then plug-up dosage 
More than DAISY age 
Conversation drew a rule, 
Which the crowd will roar by millions 
Mr. Crocodile said, 'Dove, you must look 
For now the villains try to hold you underwater 
But one thing we all must heed 
Sony Walkmans keep us walking 
De La Soul can help you breathe when you tread water' 

As I walked along my journey, 
I thought 'What have I just learned?' 
In a flash I saw commotion 
There was movement in these ferns 
Silently the silence came, was it the end of my world? 
I shouted out in fear, 'Who's there?' 
'It's me,' said Mr. Squirrel 
'I've searched for you all over, now you're found, 
No time to waste. We must find the Preacher Man, 
We must find the P.A. Mase. All my population's dying, 
And we're all in tune to doom. 
Like the Daisy, I need water 
I need chesnuts to consume.' 
'Mr. Squirrel,' I said, 'I'm sorry, 
But the problem can't be solved 
If there's no one here to help, and no one to get involved 
Always look to the positive and never drop your head 
For the water will engulf us if we do not dare to tread 
So let's tread water' 

[POS:]
Now one weary day I woke, my alarm said 'Plug time's up' 
Filled my bath up with the water, gargled with my gargle cup 
As I bathed I felt a presence, and I'm sort of ticklish 
I looked down and then around and I heard, 
'Hi! I'm Mr Fish. How do you do? As for me, 
I'm in tip-top shape today, cause my water's clean 
And no-one's menu says Fresh Fish Filet 
See I look past all my worries, which is something you must do 
Though you're fed up, throw your head up 
With this advice ffrom me to you 
And that's to tread water' 

As my day went unexplained, time was finding nothing fun 
As I walked along the sidewalk, I heard, 
'Psst, excuse me, Plug One.' 
From my Soul, De La that is, I hollered 
'Yes, are you talking to me?' 
'No alarm meant,' he said, 'Let me introduce myself. 
I'm Mr Monkey.' 
'Mr Monkey, I pledge you slap of five, 
Now how does your problem meet?' 
He said, 'My bananas are at their ripest, but they all 
Stand at three feet. My swinging hand is bandaged up. 
Could you help me with this chore?' 
I brought him down to the Native shop 
And bought him copies of the De La score 
Which assisted well in his elevation 
Now all bananas is at his grasp 
He decided with this accomplished, 
He would put me on to the path 
He to my to live by the Inner Sound, y'all 
Which would bring me health in showbiz 
Then to use them, not abuse them 
And then in the words that got me to 'em 
And that is to tread water