I'm beginning to feel like a rap god, rap god
All the kids, from the front 2 the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms - are long enough to slapbox, slapbox
They said I ain't writin, so I'm goin offtop

But I'm still wreckin all these tracks, while I chase my dreams
My com-petition worst, night-mare
You tryna com-pare us, that ain't, fair and they, talkin down, but I ain't carin
Got the kids and I got they parents, worldstar appearance made that apparent
On that Young Jeezy talkin bout why yall hatin, still a question, wit no answer
And if that dude sick, then I spit cancer
Lyrikkal workaholic, kill em all on they own tracks
You don't really wanna get into a battle, and get ridiculed 4 losin to a girl like that
Betta stay quiet, 4 I start riot, or else its on and poppin;
We done kicked the doe off the hinges and we ain't never stoppin
If I want it ima get it, ain't nobody comin wit it, you hear this trash they droppin
Only realized, it was ironic, that my real name was lyric after the raps..
How could I not blow? I was born to flow, who gone argue with that..
Imposters havin a field day, how's it feel to be a copycat?
It must be painfully sad, back to business, that's akktin bad

I'm beginning to feel like a rap god, rap god
All the kids from the front 2 the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are, long enough to slapbox, slapbox
Let me show you how killin these tracks ain't that hard that hard..

Everybody wanna know how a girl from the hood gone start wit nothin then blow up..
A lot of practice and patience, late nights, hard work and dedication
Gotta deal wit the ru-mors, and the hate
Hit the game outta nowhere, started chasin that cash, now we rake it in
These haters get taken to school wit this music, cause I use it
As a vehicle to get em in the booth, no names cause it might make em famous..
Me? I'm the princess of rap, consistency earned me that
Shoutout to the queens before me, Roxanne, Lyte, Latifah in fact
Foxy and kim, eve & brat, now me and nick it's a wrap..
Just wait till we all on one track.. man I know them streets gone love that
This beat so hard ima wreck this mic and leave the booth in a ball of flames
Ain't nowhere close to where I'm tryna be in this game and that's a cryin shame
The passion still remains, and quittin's for the lame
We ain't playin, so yall better watch what you sayin
Lil fake lookin girl, so fake I can barely look 5 seconds straight lookin girl
Your witnessin a take-over like you watchin them bad akktors roll up lookin girl...
Aw, say that girl is fake, that's all we say lookin girl
You get a few hits that you prolly paid 4 and ignored 4 that sneak dissin here lookin girl
Hey lookin girl, what u say lookin girl
You can't touch me I'm made lookin girl
I done grinded, for everything that I have, I ain't lookin 4 a deal, get out my face lookin girl
Basically girl, you're never gonna be capable of keepin up, wit the princess lookin girl cuz

I'm beginning to feel like a rap god, rap god
All the kids from the front 2 the back nod, back nod
The way I play around on the track call me track star, track star
Young, lyrikkal from the hood, the new fash god
Kneel before royalty the future queen, yes I am hot. Them not