If you see me (if you see me walkin') walking down the street 
And I start to cry
Don't (Don't walk on) walk on by, don't (don't walk) walk on by
Why don't you look me in my eyes? look me in my eye!

Uh oh! (I can't hold that man's hand cause he from another land)
Hey uh! (I can't love nobody's baby cause I wanna be a man)
Oh oh oh! (I can't fall down on my knees and ask for forgiveness and help my fellow man - be a stronger man)
Oh oh oh! (White people, black people, jews, muslims: YOU CAN, YOU CAN)

Ran with the rest of them, hung with the best of them soldiers
Did a lot of thinking on what most of them done told us
They say they can never ever give up their lives for a stranger man
But oh when it comes down to it, you don't know what's in the plan.

(If you should see me crying) Reach out and grab my tear (crawling)
(If you should see me dying) Don't you leave me standing here (if I'm dying)
(If you should hear me) SINGING the words of a trouble man
(Don't walk) Don't walk by me like you don't understand

Oh! (Don't say what you won't do) Don't say what you won't do
When it all falls down and he's looking at you!
(Don't say what you won't do) Don't say, don't say!
(Don't say what you won't do)

Now you've got your life all planned out, 
Walking by people looking for hand-outs
So far up on your high horse
That you can't even hear that poor lawd
SCREAMING (Stop please, help me, on my knees)
For these few bucks that you give to me
I can help save you and your family (Oh Oh)
Don't act like you don't see me standing here (Oh Oh)
With all my tears and all my fears (Oh Hoooh!) (Oh Oh)
You can't even look in my eye, my eye, my my!
Don't pass me by, don't pass me by! 
Heeey! Oooh!

(Don't say what you won't do) 
Don't say, you don't mean it, no!
(Don't say what you won't do)
You can never tell the way that your life's gonna go!
(Don't say what you won't do)
Don't say, don't say what you won't do!
(Don't say what you won't do)
Don't tell me that you can't love me
(Don't say what you won't do)
I'm standing here with tears!
(Don't say what you won't do)
Cause I ran with the rest of them, hung with the best of them
(Don't say what you won't do)
And they learned to love

(Oh Oh) Ehehehehe-Hehehey!
(Oh Oh) Lord lord lord lord lord!

Don't say what you won't do
Because you never know what's coming right up to you
Could be your very last moment
Gon' cry till my eyes are blue
Don't say,
Don't say,
Dooon't say