Life is, nothing but pain and crisis, and little bitty slices, of death and trying to gauge the depth of how deep the black ice is. 
There's a hammer in my fist, as I write this, righteous, verse an', lyrics of lifeless persons, spirit turns to ices, and it rises, 
deified, these words should be inscribed into the horizons, and the bleeding skies, as the mayans, 
countin' 365 on a calendar stone with a mask in the middle as I'm sippin' on a flask of a little goat blood that the kid'll soak up, during sacrifices, fuck who you think raps the nicest.
These are songs that I'm saving lives with, dryin' eyelids, 
providin' my kids, with a vibe that's timeless, and a time that's vibrance is so hard to find it you might need (typhen hydra[?]) 
Man, I got goals and aspirations but I don't, have, dreams.

Cause dreams are just your memories bein' organized and processed, and when you're asleep you can't make progress, on your conquest, during the onset of REM sleep they say beauty is skin deep, man beauty ain't skin deep, beauty is just skin.
Cheap, little, cleche's and platitudes, get a mean face, get an attitude, get a gun, get a horse, get a nice pair 
of boots, get a clean shave and a saddle too, and ride up outta town, try to find the sun and get so high you die as it comes down if they like you you'll be found.

I can't accelerate the time, bloody hell is on my mind, but at least I'm feeling so damn good.
And in my life man everything is grey, even death might come today, but at least I'm feeling so damn good.
It's strange I can't accelerate the time, bloody hell is on my mind, but at least I'm feeling so damn good.
And in my life man everything is grey, even death might come today, but at least I'm feeling so damn good.

Death is, the day they find you breathless, left with, no comprehension of the day you once thought life was precious.
Now press this, pen to the page and write your death wish, aight done. 
Got a little way cause I'm blinded by the white sun, by the white sun.
I'm sick of all the fame, it's like a ball and chain, and I ain't calling names, but a met a couple celebrities recently but fuck if they ain't all insane.
Every single one of them they all the name, I don't got a mansion they call me lame, they call and ask if I can get them a baller cane, and when I tell them hell no they never call again, because that's not me, I give a damn about the damn paparazzi, I don't ever want to meet a man, 
I don't wanna compromise my sound no care of the means that I'm never gonna be the man, all you little juvenile motherfuckers you can run around trying to be the king of rap, and I'mma be the best husband, and be the best father to my little boy, little boy, tell me what you think of that?
Probably think it's wack, you'd rather just have money and clothes, nothin' really matters like that, as long as you get to 
stunnin' these hoes.
But you're stuntin' your growth, I wanna just bloody your nose, damn, stop numbing your soul, try to have a little fucking control.
But you can't cause I'm here, oh my god, motherfucking damn it's my year.
I'm in your mouth like a can of light beer, keepin' count of the planet's lightyears, I'm workin' in these boots and old ass jeans, see I got goals and aspirations but I don't have dreams, 

Cause dreams are just your memories bein' organized and processed, and when you're asleep you can't make progress, on your conquest, during the onset of REM sleep they say beauty is skin deep, man beauty ain't skin deep, beauty is just skin, and it's fuckin' cheap!

I can't accelerate the time, bloody hell is on my mind, but at least I'm feeling so damn good.
And in my life man everything is grey, even death might come today, but at least I'm feeling so damn good.
I say I can't accelerate the time, bloody hell is on my mind, but at least I'm feeling so damn good.
And in my life man everything is grey, even death might come today, but at least I'm feeling so damn good.