[Talking:]
Damn… I mean… when this shit come on right here… (Dub-C) 
I mean… you gotta put yo hands up (Dub)… you got to (Dub-Dub-Dub-C)
I mean I’m looking around right now and I don’t know what’s real… I mean I seein all this bullshit on TV… all these weirdoes out here, I don’t know what's going on but… Uhh… 

If it’s on then it’s on let me know that it’s on 
If it aint really on… tell me what's going on 
If it’s on then it’s on let me know that it’s on 
Cuz… Uh-Ohhh… It’s my reality show 
If it’s all for the dough and it’s really a show 
Nigga, lemme know cuz the triggers ready to blow 
If it’s on then it’s on let me know that it’s on 
Cuz… Uh-Ohhh… 

Man up… time to put ya hands up 
I come too far to lay down, so imma stand up 
And let the truth be told 
Cuz majority of niggaz in this rap shit ain't nothing but hoes 
“what's the Flava?” ain't no greater 
Than this double-pump shaker shakin up the party with the new ankle-breaker 
So hold on while I take the strap and reload 
And tune you niggaz in to my reality show 
First up? never the least... 
I kick it off where the sun rises like yeast… Imma start in the east 
The “Big Brother” when hip hop 
Was just like L.A…. radio done sold their sole & went pop 
I used to recognize the welcome mat 
But now in the “Cash Cab” nigga I don’t know where I’m at 
My nigga Slay said the other day… 
“I Love New York” but radio done let the “Projects Runaway” 
I told him don’t sweat it and don’t stress those 
Cuz over here Loc, we got it even worse on the west coast 
A gang of niggaz smellin like similac on my station 
Wit no respect for the foundation 
I’m grabbing my flame thrower 
It’s a “Dirty job” but radio needs an “Extreme Makeover” 
Look… They can't bullshit Dubb 
My pants ain't tight enough to be in their “Celebrity Fit Club” 
Hip-hop “Ultimate Fighter”… No pretender 
Three fifty seven south central “Contender” 
I'm south of the ten freeway... turn the wheels 
While these rap niggaz scared to come down the hills 
On the block where the glock is kept 
“The Apprentice” in the kitchen with the homie workin scales like a “Top Chef” 
(Yep)…. gotta keep another plug 
Cuz staying down with this rap shit is “Tough Love” 
No affection… That’s why I'm headed in the northern direction 
Pluggin wit my bay area connection 
Up north got the bomb bay to make sure the Sac pay 
The homie E-40, Too Short & Mac Dre 
It's my reality show, and my reality is smashin… 
Fuck “Keeping up with the Kardashians” 
I’m hiding from the “Repo Man” so get the deals nick 
Keep a roof over my kids head is real shit 
Can't sit around and wait til it comes back around 
Gotta get it down south is where it's at now 
Well I got that the make they lungs cough 
And a homegirl wit me to throw the ones off 
It ain't a “Simple Life” it’s a grind & all the above 
I’m getting a shot of hen nigga, fuck “A Shot at Love” 
After riding my stick 
My homegirl said Chili want a square, but she need some westside dick 
I said you know I ain't right... I’ll dig her out all night 
Fuck her and kick her to the curb like a “Basketball Wife” 
Plus she ain't down enough to be mine 
If we get caught, “The First 48” she droppin a dime 
Have a nigga in jail lookin like “The Biggest Loser” 
Wit the receding hairline like Carlos Boozer 
“Surreal Life” a nigga can't play wit this 
Keisha Cole’ll Even tell you that’s “The Way It Is” 

If it’s on then it’s on let me know that it’s on 
If it aint really on… tell me what's going on 
If it’s on then it’s on let me know that it’s on 
Cuz… Uh-Ohhh… It’s my reality show 
If it’s all for the dough and it’s really a show 
Nigga, lemme know cuz the triggers ready to blow 
If it’s on then it’s on let me know that it’s on 
Cuz… Uh-Ohhh… it's my reality show 

[Scratching & Mixing – Dubb-C fading out]