Somebody should have told you,
Cause it was cool for a minute, but it's over
And you can try to forget, it never changes,
It's all the same kid, and I have been through it all,
This is not what you think it is.
This is not what you think it is, this is not what you think it is.
This is not what you think it is,
'Cause I have been through it all, this is not what you think it is.

Yo, ey yo
This is business, put emotions on the side,
I'm living out my dreams - no opening my eyes
They trying to plan steps while I'm floating in the sky
Yeah, my flow is so pure, you'd swear the ocean was alive.
Billboard Yonas, yeah, I'm going for awards,
Pushing out singles that don't have a single flaw
Breaking down barriers to every single door,
Cause the valley girls love me and the niggas sling and roll.
I'm dope sauce, you can take the quotes off,
Everything I say is real, most of y'all is so soft
I choke artists, go cough, we don't take no loss.
This is my home, so please take your coats off, nigga.
What I got is more than hard to acquire
Never catch me with [?] wire
My momma said I was born armed with the fire
And y'all winking in that song from Minaj or Mariah.

Somebody should have told you,
Cause it was cool for a minute, but it's over
And you can try to forget, it never changes,
It's all the same kid, and I have been through it all, this is not what you think it is.
This is not what you think it is, this is not what you think it is.
This is not what you think it is, 'cause I have been through it all, this is not what you think it is.

Let me show you how to turn writtens to a verse
And how to give 'em chills like scriptures from the church.
Never make threats, make promises instead
If you're daring me I'm showing you to fit into a hearse.
Let me tell you something about something that I know
I am a Porsche and you're an Eldorado
I'll be winning races while y'all struggling to follow
Try to catch me if you can, I'm the black Leonardo.
Careful what track of yours is Yonas' jumping on
Outshine your verse and then roll with your song.
Someone please tell 'em about the youngen from the Bronx
Who be turning ass like rookie niggas dunking on LeBron.
1 2 3 from the c.o.d., we could never be low key,
You may know them other rap stars, but you don't know me
Hopping out the limos into the clubs is where we're destined to be
And hopping in your face if you're testing, is what you're destined to see.

Somebody should have told you,
Cause it was cool for a minute, but it's over
And you can try to forget, it never changes,
It's all the same kid, and I have been through it all, this is not what you think it is.
This is not what you think it is, this is not what you think it is.
This is not what you think it is, 'cause I have been through it all, this is not what you think it is.