[Gucci Mane:]
I got a question. What's up with all these fuck niggas dick ridin', pocket watchin', yes man ass nigga. Get you some paper, mind your motherfuckin' business. Pussy ass nigga, ho type ass nigga, hah

Run up on the kid, worst thing you coulda did
I'm like David Copperfield, I do magic with the cig
A pig in wolf clothing still ain't nothin' but a pig
187 on him, throw him off the bridge
I feel like Milly Mill cause I'm so close to the edge
I feel like these crackers tryna push me off the ledge
Sip so much lean that I'm woozy in the head
Got me snorin' so loud Keisha push me out the bed
Gucci Mane party, Ace of Spades, pour out a keg
Gold Audemar look like I just cracked an egg
And I can't keep in touch with the niggas I grew up with
Cause I know them niggas prolly keepin' in touch with the feds
[Hook - Gucci Mane:]
Pocket watchin' nigga, you'se a pocket watchin' nigga
Pocket watchin' bitches, you'se a pocket watchin' bitch
Pocket, pocket watchin', why you watchin' a nigga pocket?
Pocket watchin' niggas tryna count a nigga profit
Pocket watchin' nigga, you'se a pocket watchin' nigga
Pocket watchin' bitches, you'se a pocket watchin' bitch
I know that these bitches man these bitches pocket watchin'
Tryna count my bread, tryna count a nigga profit

[PeeWee Longway:]
Bitches that dick up get sloppy toppy
Got two dirty diamond [?] in my back pocket
[?] I got 'em in the full body
Two dog chains on me, I'm young Jean Jaffi
We straight droppin' in dope, we [?]
I see pussy pocket watchers through the Diors
I kept a snub nose on me
Lord knows I drive the Porsche
Stackin' the profit and juugin' with the.448
A roll a day, they whip the brick up turn up [?]
The bitch, gotta wet up the sheets, the piece, the weed
Fuck up in the kitchen with Alicia Keys
Hand picked the VVS's with the cocoa leaves
Pocket watchin' [?]
Pocket watchin' make these hoes wanna panhandle
Flip her with the lost blue bandana
Still pourin' up your profit in the Fanta nigga
I see 'em pocket watchin' [?] nigga
Got the heckler singin' a capella nigga
For the profit I put 'em back together
[?] was just locked up in federal
I took the bail made popcorn kettle
Took to the band bought the whole entire shuttle, cookies
[?] stickied up [?] go around Gucci

[Gucci Mane:]
Pocket watchin' nigga, you'se a pocket watchin' nigga
Pocket watchin' bitches, you'se a pocket watchin' bitch
Pocket, pocket watchin', why you watchin' a nigga pocket?
Pocket watchin' niggas tryna count a nigga profit
Pocket watchin' nigga, you'se a pocket watchin' nigga
Pocket watchin' bitches, you'se a pocket watchin' bitch
I know that these bitches man these bitches pocket watchin'
Tryna count my bread, tryna count a nigga profit