[Young M.A:]
Yo bro, I think I had too much Hennessy man
This Hennessy getting to me
I ain't gonna lie, I'm a little smizz
I'm a little drizz
But we in the club man, OOOUUU

[Jadakiss:]
Yeah, they hate but they broke though
Don't let 'em get you gassed like Sinaco
Only rats get a pass from the po po
I got the footage on stash on my Go Pro
They ain't death but they so so
The only niggas left me and Loso
Reason why I say so, is cause I know so
I get my power from that Sheek Louch and Ghost flow
Hit him in the head with the 4-4
Yeah, I think he dead check his pulse though
Call his family, let his folks know
Tell 'em he ain't make it but it was close though
Before you win, you gotta take a loss
They call the shots, you gotta be a boss
That's why I keep the shotty in the Porsche
These haters on my body shake 'em off
OOOUUU
OOOUUU
These haters on my body shake 'em off

[Uncle Murda:]
Niggas tryna run up on me 'bout to clap that
Thought it was beef, they just want me on they Snapchat
I be in the bando with your boo
I be like woah, she be like OOOUUU
Becky giving neck for some coco
She like "cállate-la-boca-coño"
I call her a thot, you call her Tiffany
She gon' strip for me and Monica Lewinsky me
I be in that all black Cadillac (skkrt)
I like that chain he got on, thinking bout snatching that
All my pieces hit and that's a snapple fact
Police finally scared cause we shooting them back
Dr. Miami made her booty big
Told Puff 'let's get somebody shot for niggas shooting Big'
I like girls, they like girls, you know how I play
Brooklyn it's the remix with Young M.A

[Young M.A:]
Yea they hate but they broke though
And when it's time to pop they a no-show
Yea I'm pretty but I'm loco
The loud got me moving slow-mo
Ayo Tweetie, where the hoes bro?
Ayo Keys, where the hoes tho?
That other nigga, he a bozo
It's M.A, you don't know hoe?
We got liquor by the boatload (that Henny)
Disrespect the Lyfe that's a no-no
All my niggas dressed in that rojo (Redlyfe)
I ride for my guys, that's the bro code
Baby gave me head, that's a low blow
Damn she make me weak when she deepthroat
I need a rich bitch not a cheap hoe
They be on that hate shit, I peep though
My brother told me fuck em', get that money sis
You just keep on grinding on ya hungry shit
Ignore the hating, ignore the faking, ignore the funny shit
Cause if a nigga violate, we got a hunnit clips
And we go zero to a hundred quick
We just them niggas you ain't fucking with
Pockets on a chubby chick
And still go bag a thottie in some bummy shit (OOOUUU)
Yerr Eli, why they testing me?
Like I don't always keep the hammer next to me?
Like I ain't got a hitter to the left of me?
Like we ain't in these streets more than Sesame?
If that's your chick, then why she texting me?
Why she keep calling my phone speaking sexually?
Every time I'm out, why she stressing me?
You call her Stephanie? I call her Headphanie
I don't open doors for a hoe
I just want the neck, nothin' more
Shawty make it clap, may get applause
When you tired of your man, give me call
Dyke bitches talking out they jaw
Next minute calling for the law
This nine will have them calling for the lord
They ain't getting shmoney so they bored
I could never lose, what you thought?
M.A got it on lock, man of course
They say I got the juice, I got the sauce
These haters on my body shake em' off
Pussy I'm a bully and a boss
I'm killing them, sorry for your loss
I just caught a body, Randy Moss
Now this year I'm really going off

OOOUUU
OOOUUU
These haters on my body, shake em' off
OOOUUU
OOOUUU
Ahhhh, these haters on my body shake em' off
OOOUUU
OOOUUU
These haters on my body shake em' off
I could never lose what you thought? What they thought?
I could never lose what you thought?
This henny got me, it got me sauced
This henny got me oh, it got me sauced
I could never lose what you thought?
M.A got it on lock man of course
OOOUUU
OOOUUU