[Intro:]
Just take me right here from the top post
I will just run straight through it, one tape
It's a mixtape, you know what I'm sayin?
Like shit gotta be raw
I probably won't even do no hook or if anything I'll just freestyle it
(Spin that shit nigga!)
This shit easy nigga, it's like just talkin bout what you did for the all day
You know what I mean?
That ain't hurtin

[Hook:]
Getting money in the street, sellin all birds
New J's on my feet, I don't fuck with Burt
I'm runnin 33, the place on a berg
You shoppin with them niggas? That shit is absurd
Quit buyin trash, come and get it pure
I got it from me hombre and I'm black for do it
If you knew better you would do better
The biggest in my city since Chris McCoon's sweater
In 47 minutes I could count a hundred grand

[Verse 1:]
All this countin hurt my thumbs so I shake my head
Shake a leg at the spot, take a P Ciroc
125 grand 'bout to shake the block
Plenty dimes for the grind, it's prodigal bitches
Shake my dick on her ass, then call her a bitch is
The only life I know, singing like I'm always fad
Stage shows, stage hoes, I ain't throwin cash
Let them other niggas trick, we'll spin it together
Shout to women in the strips, let's get in that cheddar
Cheese H, French full for my chicken nigga
Glitch buttered bitch, bacon split a kitchen with er
I love me a chef, you just love er to death
Literally niggas coughin and smothering death
Before designer mamas, be at speed at sting the vase
S roofless organization, a camouflaging boss
Lil father forgive us, we are driven by riches
I gotta eat my stomach hurts, I ain't even do situps
Pain rain washing tears, soak in shame leather
Change I remain shit, my name is my name – Powder
Hardest coming out my city, I made it that way
And I will make you meet your maker, you stay in my way
Moving on with my day, moving all of this yay
What more is there for me to say?
Aha!

[Hook:]
Getting money in the street, sellin all birds
New J's on my feet, I don't fuck with Burt
I'm runnin 33, the place on a berg
You shoppin with them niggas? That shit is absurd
Quit buyin trash, come and get it pure
I got it from me hombre and I'm black for do it
If you knew better you would do better
The biggest in my city since Chris McCoon's sweater
In 47 minutes I could count a hundred grand

[Outro:]
Damn!
That's what I'm talkin bout right there Troy
[?] see ya'll niggas
DJ Holiday the commission
We workin!