[Verse 1: Joe Budden]
Uh, here's something I'd like to know
Would you trade it all? Would you put a price on your soul?
Answer that - you more about the outcome or the income?
Would you give up your dreams to feel like you're living in one?
Faced with decisions, would you ignore intuition?
Trade in whatever drives you for keys to an ignition?
Or would you go on like your life fine?
It's funny how a moment'll change your lifetime
Yeah, would I be held as a villain
If I never helped with feelings? Change to sell a million?
Yeah, wonder what these fans'll say to me
Still'll garner some bravery, money never dictated me
Cause my morals for cash just ain't a trade to me
Respect is important, niggas know not to play with me
It's not a void to fill, it's no vacancy
Take it all, it's no taking me

[Hook:]
I'm a man
You always said I wouldn't be so much in my way
I've seen it all through these years, it's been give and take
They thought I'd break, but to trade it all is no trade at all

[Verse 2: Joe Budden]
The ultimate contradiction
What started as a hobby now an honest way of living
Which took me to a genius from a pompous with a vision
Could do a dramatisation on the drama I've been given
Everybody says that, mine was kind of different
So every composition is just a calm my in prison
Armed and on a mission, strapped and only armed with my confliction
Never phased me, my only armor is my thick skin
Daddy talent, mama wisdom
Master of deceit, I cheated through the honor system
Quit my temporary job, earned more
Left school, learned more, rehab then burned more
Tales of B&E's, toast and extortion
How my son was almost an abortion, I've been close to a coffin
Wouldn't do over this rollercoaster
Know it played out like it was supposed to

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Joe Budden]
Was froze over the phone
Waiting for you to change your tone while I was smoking
But that never happened like I was hoping
Waiting for you to laugh, at least tell me you was joking
But you just kept on with the conversation
I'm trying to be calm and patient while pacing around the room
Thoughts in my head are varied, that's you, grandpa and Mike
It's very scary, it's cancer, hereditary
Dad, We had our little issues after "Momma Said"
Glad that's behind us so we can cherish the time instead
I got faith, I know the Lord'll have a say
But you got a daughter on the way, what more do I gotta say?
You got twins to raise, they just beginning to age
Tell God with a hint of rage it was meant for you to stay
If I gotta explain what should be understood
Yo, I'd trade me in for you if I could it'll, we're all good

[Hook]