Hey kids, give me all your fucking money.
Got a hundred Macbooks and I swear I'm not a druggie.
I'm on that real shit, now it's time to get pissed.
If you get offended, fuck you, suck my dick.

These bitches say they got love for their fans
But they're fake and lie it's all a part of their plans
The scene is plagued with fucking gimmicks and lies
And you're a God damn fool if you trust a disguise.

Even Ronnie Radke talks shit on my Instagram,
Give me your address so I can hit you with a mic stand,
Send me a letter about the guys that you blew,
And that faggot you butt-fucked his name is Christofer Drew.

How can you talk down on your biggest fan,
Your career is on it's way to the garbage can.
I'm a multi-tasking badass and you're a disgrace.
Watch me laughing my ass off while I'm pissing in your face.

Uh. the ladies love me 'cause I always fuck 'em good,
Flip 'em over do the tongue trick and treat 'em with the big dick.
My name is always in the headlines stirring up your kids' minds.
Check it.

If you hate gay people you should get your ass beat.
You're a close minded faggot bitch kiss my feet.
I don't live for tomorrow and fuck for today,
I tried to pray to God but I'm too busy getting paid.

These bitches say they got love for their fans
But they're fake and lie it's all a part of their plans
The scene is plagued with fucking gimmicks and lies
And you're a God damn fool if you trust a disguise.

These bitches say they got love for their fans
But they're fake and lie it's all a part of their plans
The scene is plagued with fucking gimmicks and lies
And everybody is fucking gay.

Now that everybody knows, here we go, let the haters unfold.
Start a motherfucking riot bitch you love it and you can't even deny it.
Fuck the world!
Everyone sucks dick.
Bitch I never give a fuck about your problems read a book and fucking solve 'em
Cry a motherfuckin' river full of lies and get attention it's a pity party
Eat my shit!
And I'll pretend to give a fuck about it.
Hey Westboro baptist.
Fuck you too, come and protest this dick.
Faggots.