JEALOUSY IS A MOTHERFUCKIN' BITCH AND SO ARE YOU.
I hear you talkin and I don't know what to think about it.
Yesterday was cool we were hanging at a kickback.
Just because the table's turned now you turn you fuckin back.
Cowardly as fuck just like smokin fuckin crack.
Now we at the top and you still don't get it.
Basic fucking bitches all around don't sweat it.
I'm just sittin cool catchin looks from your bitch.
And she just sent me a text that says you got a small dick.

Cunt.
Go and cry about a bitch and write another little whiny fucking song about me.
Never gave a fuck and never will did you expect less
I just kick back under the shade of my money tree.
Everything I say makes a motherfucking headline.
I can't even breathe without them talkin bout me that's fine.
I'd rather suck it up and stay humble never jealous.
Because jealousy's for fuck boys and you will never get it.

FUCK YEAH
Everybody's having a good time.
But you don't get it and you worry bout the small shit but I don't sweat it nah.
Rolling around on the brink of confusion.
Stuck within your mind you find that you're in a bind with time just like an identity crisis.

Your jealousy's a disease. And my fist is the cure.

Shut the fuck up cunt.

FUCK YEAH
Everybody's having a good time.
But you don't get it and you worry bout the small shit but I don't sweat it nah.
Rolling around on the brink of confusion.
Stuck within your mind you find that you're in a bind with time just like an identity crisis.

I hear you talking in your sleep. And you still. Remember. My fucking. Name.

Your jealousy's a disease. And my fist is the cure.

You're a jealous cunt little bitch run and hide.

JEALOUSY IS A MOTHERFUCKIN' BITCH AND SO ARE YOU.

Shut the fuck up cunt.

I'm getting too old for this middle school shit.
Grown ass men acting like a little bitch.
Take me back in time somebody hit rewind to the days where music mattered drama didn't fly.
Schoolboy bitches didn't get a fuckin mic.
Nobody was judged about the music that they like.
The scene was a family and everyone was happy.
Just to be an individual and not a jealous asshole.