Too many times im satisfied trying to find the right guy, that was too good to be true.
I had to resort to a lonely life, too many single nights, too busy even to choose.
The only thing that mattered to me was that I had to do me and getta where I had to get to.
Its funny 'cause I ain't even want you but you made me want you and 1 and 1 became,

[Chorus]
2U you're the one I want to be around when and doing what im doing if you're doing it too.
I'm loving what you give me and I love it when you kiss me and I want nobody near me but U2.
You know the one your in love with feels the same way about you too. I'm giving up my love 2U

You are the best I have to give royalty to live you know I want you that much (much)
You and I are unbreakable no matter what the haters do, I'm 'tryna tell you I'm stuck.
For theres no one because you do the crazy things you do.
And im glad you're up when it gets lonely baby, Theres no me without you

[Chorus]

The way you touch me (oh the way you touch me) makes me feel so nice.
The way I need ya (for the way I need ya) I like it by my side.
Still ready lets do it (you you you)
You love me baby (want you too)
I know where we got it (baby)
So im giving up my love 2U!

[Chorus]

'Cause I ain't even want you but you made me want you and 1 and 1 became,
'Cause I ain't even want you but you made me want you and 1 and 1 became,
'Cause I aint even want you but you made me want you and,
'Cause I aint even want you but you made me want you and,
'Cause I aint even want you but you made me want you and,
So im giving up my love (giving up my love) 2U

[Chorus]
You're the one I want to be around when I'm doing what I'm doing if you're doing it too.
I loving what you give me and I (kiss me!) love it when you kiss me and I want nobody near me but U2.
(yeah baby!) You know the one you're in love with
feels the same (the way you feel, the way I feel!) way about U2.
I'm giving up my love 2U! (I'm giving up my love 2U)

you you you you
You're the one for me
I'm the one for you.