Yeah you believe you’re the king of the jungle, 
You got the t-shirt, do you know how the song goes.
You’re looking good but the fact is you’re lazy, 
But people love you ‘cause you’re funny and crazy.

7-11, buy a six pack o’beer,
If there’s a party you’re the last one to leave it.
It’s not too late, we can stop all the dreamin’, 
Get out this town, look around, we don’t need it.

Hell and heaven, they can wait for you,
So go and do all the things that you want to do.

(We don’t belong anywhere)
So set me free, C’est La Vie,
I said, come on pretty baby, take a chance on me,
It’s a shame on me cause I didn’t see,
That you were looking at me baby by the Ferris wheel.

I know you’re cool but you think that you’re chocolate,
Get off my nerves, cause I still got a soft spot.
You look at me, you think I got all the answers,
Maybe I do, but I’m scared takin’ chances.

Floating our bottle, but we aint sailing nowhere,
Rip out the cork, get the wind into our hair.
Get off the train in the rain at the station,
Knock back the drink, cause we think the boat’s sinkin’.

Hell and heaven, they can wait for you, 
So go and do all the things that you want to do.

(We don’t belong anywhere)
So set me free C’est la vie,
I said, come on pretty baby, take a dance with me.
I said, a shame on me cause I didn’t see, 
That you were looking at me baby by the Ferris wheel.

I said a stand by me, stick around with me,
Cause it’s a long walk back to where we’ve just been.
I said, a hey there baby so you’re banking on me, 
I just I wish I never found her but hey C’est la vie.

I said they’re playing our song on the radio, 
And we’re singing out loud, all the words that we know
And it’s a long tongue Sally pissing off Peggy Sue
Oh it’s about me and you cause it’s time that we grew,
And you said yeah yeah yeah come along with me,
And then you think all the things that you want to see,
I said a woah pretty baby come and take my hand
I’m gonna shake you all night, baby yes I can, wooah!

Such as life in the rear view mirror,
The open road up ahead is the future.
Time came round and wrecked our place,
But when I look back now I got a smile on my face.

(We don’t belong anywhere)
Come on baby take a chance with me,
Stick around on the town if you wanna see.
We don’t belong anywhere is what she said to me,
So come on, take a dance and spin around with me.

She said shout now baby, set me free C’est la vie,
I said I’ll stand by me, stick around with me.
And when the street lights fall, you can buy my beer,
Cause when the morning light comes, I’ll be gone C’est la vie.

Yeah yeah,
We don’t belong anywhere,
We don’t belong anywhere,
We don’t belong anywhere.

Set me free!
We don’t belong anywhere,
We don’t belong anywhere,
We don’t belong anywhere,
We don’t belong anywhere.