Said you wanna be, said you wanna be a wife 
Maybe then you'd see, maybe then live my life. 
I'll find my way home, 
There's no need for you to say you love me anymore. 
I'll face the facts, It's not my will to bleed and I won't keep score. 
Said you like the taste, the taste of my tongue. 
Please forget this face of mine and I'll forget this space in time. 

I said goodbye too many times to be fallen at your door. 
I've walked away so far away, 
And still I'll walk some more. 
For the times you saw me crying, I tried but I was lying. 
This pain's for me it stains me. 
I'd feel your skin I've tried to melt into your skin. 
And I did, you let me in. 
I failed I fell down, 
I fell on my face. 
My face, my face

One for the money, two for the show. 
Three to pick me off my feet and four I'll hit the floor. 
I took the pill that caused the chill to ease the pain. Could I refrain? 
Please one more pill. 
One more night

Said you wanna take, said you wanna take my time. 
Maybe then you'd see, maybe then make my mind. 

So speak but close your eyes, 
And feel the blood rush. 
Lay so still or scream until this dance has slowed down to a heartbeat, 
And sweat falls cold. 
I felt your skin I've tried to melt into your skin. 
And I did, you let me sin. 
I failed, I fell down, I fell on my face. 

One for the money, two for the show. 
Three to pick me off my feet and four I'll hit the floor. 
I took the pill that caused the chill to ease the pain. Could I refrain? 
Please one more pill. One more night 
Said you wanna take, said you wanna take my time. 
Maybe then you'd see, maybe then make my mind. 

I'm gonna make, I'm gonna break, I'm gonna take a little time for me. 
I'm gonna sing out loud, I'm gonna say I'm proud, I'm gonna walk on water. 
Walk right talk right back to me 
Its not a matter of the crime, its not a matter of the time it takes to realize you're a star, 
And I can't meet you where you are. 

One for the money, two for the show. 
Three to pick me off my feet and four I'll hit the floor. 
I took the pill that caused the chill, 
To ease the pain. Could I refrain? 
Please one more pill